why is love intensified by absence? | love, yearning
how we need another soul to cling to, another body to keep us warm. to rest and trust; to give your soul in confidence: i need this, i need someone to pour myself into. | love, yearning
there is only one page left to write on. i will fill it with words of only one syllable. i love. i have loved. i will love. | love
when you need to be loved, you take love wherever you can find it. when you are desperate to be loved, feel love, know love, you seek out what you think love should look like. when you find love, or what you think love is, you will lie, kill, and steal to keep it. but learning about real love comes from within. it cannot be given. it cannot be taken away. it grows from your ability to re-create within yourself, the essence of loving experiences you have had in your life. | love
you made me feel alive again. | life, love
fight for the only thing she knew was good enough, noble enough, powerful enough to be worth risking everything... love. | love
everything with me is either worship and passion or pity and understanding. i hate rarely, though when i hate, i hate murderously. for example now, i hate the bank and everything connected with it. i also hate dutch paintings, penis-sucking, parties, and cold rainy weather. but i am much more preoccupied with loving. | fellatio, hate, hatred, love, oral-sex, penis-sucking
millions of people are suffering: they want to be loved but they don't know how to love. and love cannot exist as a monologue; it is a dialogue, a very harmonious dialogue.  | love
my mother says that pain is hidden in everyone you see. she says try to imagine it like big bunches of flowers that everyone is carrying around with them. think of your pain like a big bunch of red roses, a beautiful thorn necklace. everyone has one. | frida-kahlo, love, pain
i’m sort of… coming off a bad relationship”“when did it end?”“slightly before it started. | life, love
in love there are two things - bodies and words.  | love
love cannot be reduced to a catalogue of reasons why, and a catalogue of reasons cannot be put together into love. | love
celia, wait,” marco says, standing but not moving closer to her. “you are breaking my heart. you told me once that i reminded you of your father. that you never wanted to suffer the way your mother did for him, but you are doing exactly that to me. you keep leaving me. you leave me longing for you again and again when i would give anything for you to stay, and it is killing me.” “it has to kill one of us,” celia says quietly. | celia, love, marco
that's when you know for sure somebody loves you. they figure out what you need and they give it to you -- without you asking. | love, romance
what are you doing?”“kneeling before a goddess.”“i’m not a goddess.”“you are. a goddess, a princess, a queen. as a soldier, i pledge myself to your service. as a prince, i grant you any boon within my power. as a man, i ask to sit at your feet and worship you. ask me to do anything for you and i will do it. | love, romance
who are you to judge the life i live?i know i'm not perfect-and i don't live to be-but before you start pointing fingers...make sure you hands are clean! | judge, life, live, perfection
"aelin took a step forward. one step, as if in a daze.she loosed a shuddering breath, and a small, whimpering noise came out of her - a sob. and then she was sprinting down the alley, flying as though the winds themselves pushed at her heels.she flung herself on the male, crashing into him hard enough that anyone else might have gone rocking back into the stone wall. but the male grabbed her to him, his massive arms wrapping around her tightly and lifting her up. nesryn made to approach, but aedion stopped her with a hand on her arm.aelin was laughing as she cried, and the male was just holding her, his hooded head buried in her neck. as if he were breathing her in.""who is that?"" nesryn asked.aedion smiled. ""rowan. | aedion-ashryver, aelin-ashryver-galathynius, love, queen-of-shadows, rowan-whitethorn, throne-of-glass"
i have so much in me, and the feeling for her absorbs it all; i have so much, and without her it all comes to nothing. | love, sadness, waste
i could not tell you if i loved you the first moment i saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. but i remember the first moment i looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when i was with you. | devotion, love, love-at-first-sight, true-love
love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. | do-wrong, love, trust, wrong
do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. | inspirational, life
i like not only to be loved, but also to be told that i am loved. i am not sure that you are of the same mind. but the realm of silence is large enough beyond the grave. this is the world of light and speech, and i shall take leave to tell you that you are very dear. | love
haven't i? - he thought. haven't i thought of it since the first time i saw you? haven't i thought of nothing else for two years? ...he sat motionless, looking at her. he heard the words he had never allowed himself to form, the words he had felt, known, yet had not faced, had hoped to destroy by never letting them be said within his own mind. now it was as sudden and shocking as if he were saying it to her ...since the first time i saw you ...nothing but your body, that mouth of yours, and the way your eyes would look at me, if ...through every sentence i ever said to you, through every conference you thought so safe, through the importance of all the issues we discussed ...you trusted me, didn't you? to recognize your greatness? to think of you as you deserved - as if you were a man? ...don't you suppose i know how much i've betrayed? the only bright encounter of my life - the only person i respected - the best business man i know - my ally - my partner in a desperate battle ...the lowest of all desires - as my answer to the highest i've met ...do you know what i am? i thought of it, because it should have been unthinkable. for that degrading need, which would never touch you, i have never wanted anyone but you ...i hadn't known what it was like, to want it, until i saw you for the first time. i had thought : not i, i couldn't be broken by it ...since then ...for two years ...with not a moments respite ...do you know what it's like, to want it? would you wish to hear what i thought when i looked at you ...when i lay awake at night ...when i hear your voice over a telephone wire ...when i worked, but could not drive it away? ...to bring you down to things you cant conceive - and to know that it's i who have done it. to reduce you to a body, to teach you an animal's pleasure, to see you need it, to see you asking me for it, to see your wonderful spirit dependent on the upon the obscenity of your need. to watch you as you are, as you face the world with your clean, proud strength - then to see you, in my bed, submitting to any infamous whim i may devise, to any act which i'll preform for the sole purpose of watching your dishonor and to which you'll submit for the sake of an unspeakable sensation ...i want you - and may i be damned for it! | love, passion, sex
knees suddenly weak, she reached for his forearms to stabilize herself. “you came for me.”he beamed, looking for all the world like a selfless, daring hero.“don’t sound so surprised.” dropping the cane, he pulled her into a crushing embrace that tore her away from wolf and lifted her clean off the floor. “it turns out you are worth a lot of money on the black market. | carswell, cress, humor, love, moment, thorne
the library smells like old books — a thousand leather doorways into other worlds. i hear silence, like the mind of god. i feel a presence in the empty chair beside me. the librarian watches me suspiciously. but the library is a sacred place, and i sit with the patron saint of readers. pulsing goddess light moves through me for one moment like a glimpse of eternity instantly forgotten. she is gone. i smell mold, i hear the clock ticking, i see an empty chair. ask me now and i'll say this is just a place where you can't play music or eat. she's gone. the library sucks. | inspirational, love
i love him wholly and unconditionally and without reservation. i love him enough to sacrifice a friendship. i love him enough to accept my own happiness and use it, in turn, to make him happy back. | love
love is heavy and light, bright and dark, hot and cold, sick and healthy, asleep and awake- its everything except what it is! (act 1, scene 1) | love, poetry
nobody ever gets what they want when it comes to love. | disappointment, love, melancholy
but why, why, why can't people just say what they mean? | confusion, love, relationships, the-rosie-project
i love you,' buttercup said. 'i know this must come as something of a surprise to you, since all i've ever done is scorn you and degrade you and taunt you, but i have loved you for several hours now, and every second, more. i thought an hour ago that i loved you more than any woman has ever loved a man, but a half hour after that i knew that what i felt before was nothing compared to what i felt then. but ten minutes after that, i understood that my previous love was a puddle compared to the high seas before a storm. your eyes are like that, did you know? well they are. how many minutes ago was i? twenty? had i brought my feelings up to then? it doesn't matter.' buttercup still could not look at him. the sun was rising behind her now; she could feel the heat on her back, and it gave her courage. 'i love you so much more now than twenty minutes ago that there cannot be comparison. i love you so much more now then when you opened your hovel door, there cannot be comparison. there is no room in my body for anything but you. my arms love you, my ears adore you, my knees shake with blind affection. my mind begs you to ask it something so it can obey. do you want me to follow you for the rest of your days? i will do that. do you want me to crawl? i will crawl. i will be quiet for you or sing for you, or if you are hungry, let me bring you food, or if you have thirst and nothing will quench it but arabian wine, i will go to araby, even though it is across the world, and bring a bottle back for your lunch. anything there is that i can do for you, i will do for you; anything there is that i cannot do, i will learn to do. i know i cannot compete with the countess in skills or wisdom or appeal, and i saw the way she looked at you. and i saw the way you looked at her. but remember, please, that she is old and has other interests, while i am seventeen and for me there is only you. dearest westley--i've never called you that before, have i?--westley, westley, westley, westley, westley,--darling westley, adored westley, sweet perfect westley, whisper that i have a chance to win your love.' and with that, she dared the bravest thing she'd ever done; she looked right into his eyes. | love
"name one hero who was happy.""i considered. heracles went mad and killed his family; theseus lost his bride and father; jason's children and new wife were murdered by his old; bellerophon killed the chimera but was crippled by the fall from pegasus' back.""you can't."" he was sitting up now, leaning forward.""i can't.""""i know. they never let you be famous and happy."" he lifted an eyebrow. ""i'll tell you a secret.""""tell me."" i loved it when he was like this.""i'm going to be the first."" he took my palm and held it to his. ""swear it.""""why me?""""because you're the reason. swear it.""""i swear it,"" i said, lost in the high color of his cheeks, the flame in his eyes.""i swear it,"" he echoed.we sat like that a moment, hands touching. he grinned.""i feel like i could eat the world raw. | fame, happiness, heroes, love, mythology, oaths"
it was the first time i was ever in love, and i learned a lot. before that i'd never even thought about killing myself. | humor, love
it's delicious to have people adore you, but it's exhausting, too. particularly when your own feelings don't match theirs. | adore, love, unrequited-love
you are my whole heart, scarlet. and this is breaking it.'my heart cracked open and clear dropped out of me. my mouth opened, and i looked round me and stamped my foot. 'does this look like a good time to tell me that, you damn stupid boy?' i meant to sound mean but my voice wobbled. 'now?'he gave a little smile. 'my foul-mouthed warrior. | humor, love, spoiler
there's no need to wait for the bad things and bullshit to be over. change now. love now. live now. don't wait for people to give you permission to live, because they won't. | life, life-lessons, love
"what would you do if i kissed you right now?""i stared at his beautiful face and his beautiful mouth and i wanted nothing more than to taste it. ""i would kiss you back. | beautiful, couples, hot, kiss, love, mara-dyer, noah-shaw, ya"
i am running after you, and life, in desperate pursuit. my dream is that someday you will both turn and let me catch you. that dream carries me through every night... i have enclosed a hundred kisses in this letter. you must count them out carefully and not lose any. | letter, longing, love, romance
remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other. | love
i wanted him. i arched my back, fully aware of how vulnerable that made me and that i was giving him an invitation. he accepted it and laid me back against the table, bringing his body down on top of mine. that crushing kiss of his moved from my mouth to the nape of my neck. he pushed down the edge of my dress and the bra strap underneath, exposing my shoulder and giving his lips more skin to conquer. | adrian-ivashkov, love, sydney-sage
i desire to be with you. i miss you. i feel lonely when i can't see you. i am obsessed with you, fascinated by you, infatuated with you. i hunger for your taste, your smell, the feel of your soul touching mine. | desire, gay, love, m-m, male-male, obsession
is it possible not to ever know your type-not to even know you have a type-until quite suddenly you do? | love
that’s love: two lonely persons keep each other safe and touch each other and talk to each other. | loneliness, love
when forever becomes a place...when forever ceases to be just a word… when it ceases to be just a measurement of time…but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts... that is a reflection of true love. | action, forever, hearts, inspirational, life, love, relationships, true-love
she wanted to lose herself in him. to tie his arms around her like a tourniquet.if she showed him how much she needed him, he'd run away. | despair, fear, love, need
"wait a second,"" four says. i turn toward him, wondering which version of four i'll see now-the one who scolds me, or the one who climbs ferris wheels with me. he smiles a little, but the smile doesn't spread to his eyes, which look less tense and worried.""you belong here, you know that?"" he says. ""you belong with us. it'll be over soon, so just hold on, okay?""he scratches behind his ear and looks away, like he's embarrassed by what he said. i stare at him. i feel my heartbeat everywhere, even in my toes. i feel like doing something bold, but i could just as easily walk away. i am not sure which option is smarter, or better. i am not sure that i care.i reach out and take his hand. his fingers slide between mine. i can't breathe. i stare up at him, and he stares down at me. for a long moment, we stay that way. then i pull my hand away and run after uriah and lynn and marlene. maybe now he thinks i'm stupid, or strange. maybe it was worth it. | happiness, love, truth"
don't worry about hurting me, if that's what you're afraid of. i want to get hurt. at least i´ll feel something for a change. | hurting, love, relationships
to live is the rarest thing in the world. most people exist, that is all. | life
if only she could be so oblivious again, to feel such love without knowing it, mistaking it for laughter.  | childhood, laughter, love, oblivious
in this part of the story i am the one whodies, the only one, and i will die of love because i love you,because i love you, love, in fire and in blood. | devotion, love
the capacity to be alone is the capacity to love. it may look paradoxical to you, but it's not. it is an existential truth: only those people who are capable of being alone are capable of love, of sharing, of going into the deepest core of another person--without possessing the other, without becoming dependent on the other, without reducing the other to a thing, and without becoming addicted to the other. they allow the other absolute freedom, because they know that if the other leaves, they will be as happy as they are now. their happiness cannot be taken by the other, because it is not given by the other. | capacity-to-be-alone, choices, happiness, love
he felt now that he was not simply close to her, but that he did not know where he ended and she began. | closeness, love, soul-mate
the more one judges, the less one loves. | human-nature, love
"dante laughed. ""no cold soup, no goat cheese. i'll make a mental note. and no gottfried curse.""""and for you it's no food at all. no sleep. and no tunnels.""""i'm low maintenance.""""is that what you are? because i've been trying to figure it out all semester.""""and what have you concluded?""""a mutant. a rare disease. a creature from the inferno. dante.""""and what if you found out you were right?"" he asked. ""what if it meant that i could hurt you?""""i would say that i'm not scared. everyone has the ability to hurt. it's the choice that matters. | choices, hurt, love, pain"
if they put an iron circle around your neck i will bite it away | love
even if they end up together, which i highly doubt, given the strength of that particular bond-...-but even if schuyler still loves him, or thinks she does, it doesn't matter. because jack is going to leave her one day. i know he will. he's too much for schuyler. they're wrong for each other. anyone can see that. and when he leaves her, i'll be there. however long it takes, i'll still be there for her. waiting. | love, loyalty
those who cannot conceive friendship as a substantive love but only as a disguise or elaboration of eros betray the fact that they have never had a friend. the rest of us know that though we can have erotic love and friendship for the same person yet in some ways nothing is less like a friendship than a love-affair. lovers are always talking to one another about their love; friends hardly ever about their friendship. lovers are normally face to face, absorbed in each other; friends, side by side, absorbed in some common interest. above all, eros (while it lasts) is necessarily between two only. but two, far from being the necessary number for friendship, is not even the best. and the reason for this is important.... in each of my friends there is something that only some other friend can fully bring out. by myself i am not large enough to call the whole man into activity; i want other lights than my own to show all his facets... hence true friendship is the least jealous of loves. two friends delight to be joined by a third, and three by a fourth, if only the newcomer is qualified to become a real friend. they can then say, as the blessed souls say in dante, 'here comes one who will augment our loves.' for in this love 'to divide is not to take away. | friendship, love
it is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, i believe that anything is possible. | inspirational, love, optimism, possibilities
you think i'm prettywithout any make-up onyou think i'm funnywhen i tell the puch line wrongi know you get meso i'll let my walls come down, down | love, makeup, thoughts
but you're the only one, scarlet. you'll always be the only one. | love, lunar-chronicles, scarlet, wolf
"albus severus,"" harry said quietly, so that nobody but ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to rose, who was now on the train, ""you were named for two headmasters of hogwarts. one of them was a slytherin and he was probably the bravest man i ever knew. | life"
"but i have to confess, i'm glad you two had at least a few months of happiness together.""i'm not glad,"" says peeta. ""i wish we had waited until the whole thing was done officially.""this takes even caesar aback. ""surely even a brief time is better than no time?""maybe i'd think that, too, caesar,"" says peeta bitterly, ""if it weren't for the baby. | heart-stopping, love"
but many of us seek community solely to escape the fear of being alone. knowing how to be solitary is central to the art of loving. when we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as a means of escape. | aloneness, community, escape, fear, loneliness, love, relationship, solitude
he who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly every time he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses. | love
he made a sound like a choked laughed before he reached out and pulled her into her arms. she was aware of luke watching them from the window, but she shut her eyes resolutely and buried her face against jace's shoulder. he smelled of salt and blood, and only when his mouth came close to her ear did she understand what he was saying, and it was the simplest litany of all: her name, just her name. | ardor, city-of-bones, clary-fray, jace-wayland, love
love is an abstract noun, something nebulous. and yet love turns out to be the only part of us that is solid, as the world turns upside down and the screen goes black. | love
she blushed and so did he. she greeted him in a faltering voice, and he spoke to her without knowing what he was saying. | crush, love
i love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest. | love, shakespeare
that's what people do who love you. they put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable. | family, friends, hugs, life, lovable, love, people
you might as well make yourself fly as to make yourself love. | fly, love, marilyn-monroe, my-story
how 'bout a shot of truth in that denial cocktail. | denial, hate, lies, love, sarcasm, truth
no human should mislead another by promising them something they know to be untrue. | inspiration, life, love, truth
percy pulled annabeth close and kissed her...long enough for it to get really awkward for piper, though she said nothing. she thought about the old rule of aphrodite's cabin: that to be recognized as a daughter of the love goddess, you had to break someone's heart. piper had long ago decided to change that rule. percy and annabeth were a perfect example of why. you should have to make someone`s heart whole; that was a much better test. | annabeth, aphrodite, awww, love, percabeth, percy-jackson, piper-mclean
what about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? what if they need the arms? | love, romance
because...because...she came here with me. | katniss-everdeen, love, peeta-mellark, the-hunger-games
my heart only ever had one thought, one want. one need. despite all, in spite of all...all my heart has ever wanted is you. | adoration, dream, longing, love, need, romance, yearning
you know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a single power, a single salvation...and that is called loving. well, then, love your suffering. do not resist it, do not flee from it. it is your aversion that hurts, nothing else. | love
you can't hurt me the way you think you can. but even if you could? i would rather die with the taste of you on my tongue than live and never touch you again. i'm in love with you, mara. i love you. no matter what you do. | consequences, hurt, live, love, taste
"how many times have you tried to talk to someone about something that matters to you, tried to get them to see it the way you do? and how many of those times have ended with you feeling bitter, resenting them for making you feel like your pain doesn't have any substance after all?like when you've split up with someone, and you try to communicate the way you feel, because you need to say the words, need to feel that somebody understands just how pissed off and frightened you feel. the problem is, they never do. ""plenty more fish in the sea,"" they'll say, or ""you're better off without them,"" or ""do you want some of these potato chips?"" they never really understand, because they haven't been there, every day, every hour. they don't know the way things have been, the way that it's made you, the way it has structured your world. they'll never realise that someone who makes you feel bad may be the person you need most in the world. they don't understand the history, the background, don't know the pillars of memory that hold you up. ultimately, they don't know you well enough, and they never can. everyone's alone in their world, because everybody's life is different. you can send people letters, and show them photos, but they can never come to visit where you live.unless you love them. and then they can burn it down. | life, love, only-forward, reality"
"i'll tell you something, harpy,"" he said, his voice almost a whisper now. ""it never even occurred to me that we wouldn't make it. and it never occurred to you that we would. you were just waiting for us to go down in flames. i thought we could get through anything. | breakup, divorce, heartbreak, love, romance, sad"
had i been in love, i could not have been more wretchedly blind. but vanity, not love, has been my folly. | affection, blindness, denial, folly, love, refusal, romance, vanity
if you love something let it go.. if it comes back its yours | love
and think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course. | love, poetry
love, they say, enslaves and passion is a demon and many have been lost for love. i know this is true, but i know too that without love we grope the tunnels of our lives and never see the sun. when i fell in love it was as though i looked into a mirror for the first time and saw myself. i lifted my hand in bewilderment and felt my cheeks, my neck. this was me. and when i had looked at myself and grown accustomed to who i was, i was not afraid to hate parts of me because i wanted to be worthy of the mirror bearer. | love
i won't telephone him. i'll never telephone him again as long as i live. he'll rot in hell, before i'll call him up. you don't have to give me strength, god; i have it myself. if he wanted me, he could get me. he knows where i am. he knows i'm waiting here. he's so sure of me, so sure. i wonder why they hate you, as soon as they are sure of you. | calling, love, men, relationships
it's funny how you can forget everything except people loving you. maybe that's why humans find it so hard getting over love affairs. it's not the pain they're getting over, it's the love. | love
"i have done it,"" she says. at first i do not understand. but then i see the tomb, and the marks she has made on the stone. a c h i l l e s, it reads. and beside it, p a t r o c l u s.""go,"" she says. ""he waits for you.""in the darkness, two shadows, reaching through the hopeless, heavy dusk. their hands meet, and light spills in a flood like a hundred golden urns pouring out of the sun. | achilles, afterlife, death, greek-mythology, grief, love, mythology, patroclus"
want to keep christ in christmas? feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you. | care, christ, christianity, christmas, clothe, enemies, feed, forgive, golden-rule, guilty, hungry, ill, inspirational, jesus, life, love, motivational, naked, service, unwanted, welcome
when you leave,weary of me,without a word i shall gently let you go. | azaleas, heartache, heartbreak, korean-poetry, letting-go, love
you know i'm old in some ways-in others-well, i'm just a little girl. i like sunshine and pretty things and cheerfulness-and i dread responsibility. | love
i don't think you can define love. | cute, harry-styles, love, one-direction
"you know,"" he said, ""under normal circumstances, you inviting me to the bedroom would be the highlight of my day.""i jumped up. | adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines, cute, love, richelle-mead, sydney-sage, sydrian, the-indigo-spell"
i love you more than songs can say, but i can't keep running after yesterday... | goodbye, love
let me wake up next to you, have coffee in the morning and wander through the city with your hand in mine, and i'll be happy for the rest of my fucked up little life. | coffee, happy, london, love, morning, simple-living, wander
remember how it was when we kissed? armfuls and armfuls of light thrown right at us. a rope dropping down from the sky. how can the word love and the word life even fit in the mouth? | life, love, words
it was stupid to hope, she knew. but sometimes hope was all you had. | hope, inspirational, love, romantic
faith is why i'm here today and faith is why i made it through. | 2013, child-abuse, determined, faith, hard-times, hate, life-quotes, love, money, music, neglect, struggle
some people feel love in their hearts, julie. some of us feel it all way into our souls. we're the ones who can't forget. | endless-love, love
part of falling in love with someone is actually falling in love with yourself. realizing that you're gorgeous, you're fearless and unpredictable, you're a firecracker spitting light, entrancing a hundred faces that stare up at you with starry eyes. | love
then she did something so unexpected nico would later think he dreamed it. she walked up to nico, who was standing to one side in the shadows, as usual. she grabbed his hand and pulled him gently into the firelight. ‘we had one home,’ she said. ‘now we have two.’ she gave nico a big hug and the crowd roared with approval. for once, nico didn’t feel like pulling away. he buried his face in reyna’s shoulder and blinked the tears out of his eyes. | family, love, nico-di-angelo, reyna
when love has fused and mingled two beings in a sacred and angelic unity, the secret of life has been discovered so far as they are concerned; they are no longer anything more than the two boundaries of the same destiny; they are no longer anything but the two wings of the same spirit. love, soar. | love
be the reason someone smiles. be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people. | being-human, goodness, human, human-nature, humanism, humanity, inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-attitude, inspirational-life, inspirational-quote, inspirational-quotes, inspire, inspiring, kindness, life, life-and-living, life-lessons, life-philosophy, life-quotes, living, love, optimism, optimistic, positive, positive-affirmation, positive-life, positive-thinking, smile, smiles
for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me? | love
every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. if a human disagrees with you, let him live. in a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another. | humanity, individuality, love, mercy
i felt overwhelmed. i didn’t expect a first kiss to be so…life altering. in a few brief moments, the rule book of my universe had been rewritten. suddenly i was a brand new person. i was as fragile as a newborn, but instead of the doctor placing me in my mother’s arms, he’d put me in ren’s. what would ren do with me? would he draw me near, soothe me, and teach me about this new world or would he reject me and tell the doctor there must be some mistake. there was no way to know. what a breakable and delicate thing a heart was, no wonder i’d kept mine locked away. | love, romance
what i need is the dandelion in the spring. the bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. the promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. that it can be good again. | inspirational, love
when what you want is a relationship, and not a person, get a dog. | companionship, dog, love, relationship, romance, truth
to me, fearless is not the absense of fear. it's not being completely unafraid. to me, fearless is having fears. fearless is having doubts. lots of them. to me, fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. | fearless, inspirational, love
i’ve been fighting to be who i am all my life. what’s the point of being who i am, if i can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for? | fighting, funny, humour, husband, inspirational, love, lover, relationships, romance, spiritual, sweet, wife
friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing. | deep, friendship, life, love, obsession, sharing
there's a pleasure to loving someone even when you know there's no chance in them loving you back. the pain i felt let me know i was still alive. | love, pain
but you're so busy changing the worldjust one smile can change all of mine | change, couples, love, smile, song
how can something so wrong feel so right? | love
if you don't receive love from the ones who are meant to love you, you will never stop looking for it. | longing, love, sad, searching, unrequited-love
you are the only one who has understood even a whisper of me, and i will tell you that i am the only person who has understood even a whisper of you. | love
with a chaste heart with pure eyes i celebrate your beautyholding the leash of bloodso that it might leap out and trace your outline where you lie down in my ode as in a land of forests or in surfin aromatic loam, or in sea musicbeautiful nudeequally beautiful your feetarched by primeval tap of wind or soundyour ears, small shellsof the splendid american seayour breasts of level plentitudefulfilled by living lightyour flying eyelids of wheatrevealing or enclosingthe two deep countries of your eyesthe line your shoulders have divided into pale regionsloses itself and blends into the compact halves of an apple continues separating your beauty down into two columns ofburnished goldfine alabasterto sink into the two grapes of your feetwhere your twin symmetrical tree burns again and risesflowering fireopen chandeliera swelling fruit over the pact of sea and earth from what materialsagate?quartz?wheat?did your body come together?swelling like baking bread to signal silvered hills the cleavage of one petal sweet fruits of a deep velvet until alone remainedastonished the fine and firm feminine form it is not only light that falls over the world spreading inside your bodyyet suffocate itselfso much is clarity taking its leave of youas if you were on fire within the moon lives in the lining of your skin. | love, ode-to-a-beautiful-nude, poetry, romance
to love is good, too: love being difficult. for one human being to love another: that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation...love is a high inducement to the individual to ripen, to become something in himself, to become world for himself for another's sake, it is a great exacting claim upon him, something that chooses him out and calls him to vast things. | love, philosophy, poetry
the only sea i saw was the seesaw sea with you riding on it. lie down, lie easy. let me shipwreck in your thighs. | euphemism, love, naughty, poem, sex, shipwreck, thighs
love is the strongest force the world possesses and yet it is the humblest imaginable. | love
that which god said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, he said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful. | inspirational, love, spiritual
she is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me, and i am in no humor at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men. | elizabeth-bennett, love, mr-darcy
she loved the guy. she did it for him. she would’ve done anything for him. some people are like that. some loves are like that. most loves are like that, from what i can see. your heart starts to feel like an overcrowded lifeboat. you throw your pride out to keep it afloat, and your self-respect and your independence. after a while you start throwing people out—your friends, everyone you used to know. and it’s still not enough. the lifeboat is still sinking, and you know it’s going to take you down with it. i’ve seen that happen to a lot of people here. i think that’s why i’m sick of love. | love
people who love themselves, don’t hurt other people. the more we hate ourselves, the more we want others to suffer. | bullies, bullying, hurt, love, people, self-esteem
it's clear to me now that i have been moving toward you and you toward me for a long time. though neither of us was aware of the other before we met, there was a kind of mindless certainty bumming blithely along beneath our ignorance that ensured we would come together. like two solitary birds flying the great prairies by celestial reckoning, all of these years and lifetimes we have been moving toward one another. | love
we are all worthy of one another. | love, worthiness
well my music was different in high school; i was singing about love—you know, things i don't care about anymore. | high-school, lady-gaga, love, music, school
sometimes no matter how many eyelashes or dandelion seeds you blow, no matter how much of your heart you tear out and slap on your sleeve, it just ain't gonna happen. | love, unrequited-love
if you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled? | death, heart, love
when your beauty struck me, it dissolved me. deep down, i am not different from you. i dreamed you, i wished for your existence. i see in you that part of me which is you. i surrender my sincerity because if i love you it means we share the same fantasies, we share the same madness. | love
i once loved a girl who almost loved me, but not as much as she loved john cusack. | humor, love, relationships
"now there is a final reason i think that jesus says, ""love your enemies."" it is this: that love has within it a redemptive power. and there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals. just keep being friendly to that person. just keep loving them, and they can’t stand it too long. oh, they react in many ways in the beginning. they react with guilt feelings, and sometimes they’ll hate you a little more at that transition period, but just keep loving them. and by the power of your love they will break down under the load. that’s love, you see. it is redemptive, and this is why jesus says love. there’s something about love that builds up and is creative. there is something about hate that tears down and is destructive. so love your enemies. (from ""loving your enemies"") | creation, destruction, enemies, hate, love, redemption"
phones are distracting. the internet is distracting.the way he looked at you? he wasn't distracted. he was consumed. | consumed, distractions, love, romance
perhaps watching someone you love suffer can teach you even more than suffering yourself can. | love, suffering
i'm not sentimental--i'm as romantic as you are. the idea, you know,is that the sentimental person thinks things will last--the romanticperson has a desperate confidence that they won't. | love, romance, romantic, sentimentality
today you are you, that is truer than true. there is no one alive who is youer than you. | comedy, life, yourself
that's how you know you love someone, i guess, when you can't experience anything without wishing the other person were there to see it, too. | love, missing
for a moment, i wondered how different my life would have been had they been my parents, but i shook the thought away. i knew my father had done the best he could, and i had no regrets about the way i'd turned out. regrets about the journey, maybe, but not the destination. because however it had happened, i'd somehow ended up eating shrimp in a dingy downtown shack with a girl that i already knew i'd never forget. | bestseller, love, nicholas-sparks, north-carolina, novel
"to douchebags!"" he said, gesturing to brad. ""and to girls that break your heart,"" he bowed his head to me. his eyes lost focus. ""and to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with her. | best-friends, heartbreak, love"
i love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul. | etienne-st-clair, love, secret
a true gentleman is one that apologizes anyways, even though he has not offended a lady intentionally. he is in a class all of his own because he knows the value of a woman's heart. | betrayal, break-ups, cheating, class, compassion, courtesy, gentleman, honor, ladies, leading-a-woman-on, love, manners, manning-up, men, mixed-signals, players, relationships, respect, respecting-others, respecting-women, true-gentlemen
there's two kinds of women--those you write poems about and those you don't. | dichotomy, inspiration, life, love, poetry, women, writing
"i've never minded it,"" he went on. ""being lost, that is. i had always thought one could not truly be lost if one knew one's own heart. but i fear i may be lost without knowing yours. | feelings, heart, love"
i don't understand the point of being together if you're not the happiest. | happiness, love, relationship
the emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it... | at-first-sight, emotions, healing, heartbreak, love, nicholas, nicholas-sparks, sparks
just because love don't look the way you think it should, don't mean you don't have it. | love, perception
"encouragement requires empathy and seeing the world from your spouse's perspective. we must first learn what is important to our spouse. only then can we give encouragement. with verbal encouragement, we are trying to communicate, ""i know. i care. i am with you. how can i help?"" we are trying to show that we believe in him and in his abilities. we are giving credit and praise. | encouragement, love, marriage, relationships"
sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence. | love
i can do pain. that’s the easy part of life. it’s everything else, happiness, laughter, love, that’s fucking complicated. | callie-and-kayden, jessica-sorensen, love
you know, miss holly, you look very dramatic like that, backlit by the fire. very attractive, if i may say so. i know you shared a moment passionne with artemis which he subsequently fouled up with his typical boorish behavior. let me just throw something out there for you to consider while we're chasing the probe: i share artemis's passion but not his boorishness. no pressure; just think about it.this was enough to elicit a deafening moment of silence even in the middle of a crisis, which orion seemed to be blissfully unaffected by. | artemis-fowl, flirting, humor, love, orion
we wanted the freedom to love. we wanted the freedom to choose. now we have to fight for it. | fight, fighting-for-love, freedom, love
life, he realize, was much like a song. in the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile. | life, love, music, simile, song
life is like riding a bicycle. to keep your balance, you must keep moving. | life, simile
the music in his laughter had a way of rounding off the missing notes in her soul. | love
for women, the best aphrodisiacs are words. the g-spot is in the ears. he who looks for it below there is wasting his time. | love, sex, women
dance. smile. giggle. marvel. trust. hope. love. wish. believe. most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go. | appreciation, attitude, believe, counting-your-blessings, dance, dancing, faith, faith-in-yourself, gratitude, happiness, happy-life, hope, journey-of-life, live-in-the-moment, living-a-happy-life, living-life-to-the-fullest, love, positive-thinking, seizing-the-day, smile, the-here-and-now, the-present, the-single-woman, trust, wish, your-journey
i ask the impossible: love me forever.love me when all desire is gone.love me with the single mindedness of a monk.when the world in its entirety,and all that you hold sacred advise youagainst it: love me still more.when rage fills you and has no name: love me.when each step from your door to our job tires you--love me; and from job to home again, love me, love me.love me when you're bored--when every woman you see is more beautiful than the last,or more pathetic, love me as you always have:not as admirer or judge, but withthe compassion you save for yourselfin your solitude.love me as you relish your loneliness,the anticipation of your death,mysteries of the flesh, as it tears and mends.love me as your most treasured childhood memory--and if there is none to recall--imagine one, place me there with you.love me withered as you loved me new.love me as if i were forever--and i, will make the impossiblea simple act,by loving you, loving you as i do | love
nothing revives the past so completely as a smell that was once associated with it. | love, memory, senses
if i could but know his heart, everything would become easy. | love
do i love you? my god, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches. | adoration, ardor, love
without love we all like birds with broken wings. | love
neither love nor evil conquers all, but evil cheats more. | evil, fair-play, love
"i want you to be the one wanting me first. pushing me first. kissing me first. don't be careful with me,"" he said. ""because i won't be careful with you. | love"
there will come a time when all of us are dead. all of us. there will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. there will be no one left to remember aristotle or cleopatra, let alone you. everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. there was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. and if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, i encourage you to ignore it. god knows that’s what everyone else does. | existence, life
whenever you are confronted with an opponent. conquer him with love. | brotherly-love, enemies, fighting, love, peace, trial, victory
if loneliness was a choice, what was the other option? to settle for second-best and try to be happy with that? and was that fair to the person you settled for? | loneliness, love
he opened his mouth. the words were there. he was about to say them when a jolt of terror went through him, the terror of someone who, wandering in a mist, pauses only to realise that they have stopped inches from the edge of a gaping abyss. the way she was looking at him - she could read what was in his eyes, he realised. it must have been written plainly there, like words on the page of a book. there had been no time, no chance, to hide it.“will,” she whispered. “say something, will.”but there was nothing to say. there was only emptiness, as there had been before her. as there would always be.'i have lost everything', will thought. 'everything. | cassandra-clare, clockwork-angel, despair, love, tessa-gray, will-herondale
people should fall in love with their eyes closed. | love
what you are to do without me i cannot imagine. | alone, leaving, loss, love
i am the least difficult of men. all i want is boundless love. | frank, love, men, o-hara
you know, when it works, love is amazing. it's not overrated. | love, relationship
you left with my soul in your fists and my heart in your teeth, and i don’t want either of them back.” ~ben | heartbreak, love
the reality of loving god is loving him like he's a superhero who actually saved you from stuff rather than a santa claus who merely gave you some stuff. | apologetics, christ, christmas, god, grace, jesus, love, materialism, mercy, peace, reality, salvation, santa-claus, sin, spirituality, stuff, superhero
"augustus,"" i said. ""really. you don't have to do this.""""sure i do,"" he said. ""i found my wish.""""god, you're the best,"" i told him.""i bet you say that to all the boys who finance your international travel,"" he answered. | love, travel, wish"
don't you know that love isn't just going to bed? love isn't an act, it's a whole life. it's staying with her now because she needs you; it's knowing you and she will still care about each other when sex and daydreams, fights and futures -- when all that's on the shelf and done with. love -- why, i'll tell you what love is: it's you at seventy-five and her at seventy-one, each of you listening for the other's step in the next room, each afraid that a sudden silence, a sudden cry, could mean a lifetime's talk is over. | life, love, old
who knows? maybe they’re right. maybe we are driven crazy by our feelings. maybe love is a disease, and we would be better off without it. but we have chosen a different road. and in the end that is the point of escaping the cure: we are free to choose.we are even free to choose the wrong thing. | choices, delirium, freedom, love
be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where i cannot find you! oh, god! it is unutterable! i can not live without my life! i can not live without my soul! | love
maybe mistakes are what make our fate... without them what would shape our lives? maybe if we had never veered off course we wouldn't fall in love, have babies, or be who we are. after all, things change, so do cities, people come into your life and they go. but it's comforting to know that the ones you love are always in your heart... and if you're very lucky, a plane ride away | be-with-me, love, merry-go-round
"do you believe a man can truly love a woman and constantly betray her?never mind physically but betray her in his mind,in the very ""poetry of his soul"".well,it's not easy but men do it all the time. | betrayal, hurt, life, love, woman"
you and i, it's as though we have been taught to kiss in heaven and sent down to earth together, to see if we know what we were taught. | kiss, love
if i am to be fallen into love, i will. and if as a result i will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, i will. and i would be damned if i cared what other people think. for i would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. if in loving, i become the naked woman on the horse, i will ride that horse with my head held high. this is my spirit. i am unbreakable. | bravery, courage, fearless, fight-for-love, human, inspirational, inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, inspiring, love, passion, passionate-life, passionate-love, strength, unbreakable, unbreakable-spirit
yet each man kills the thing he lovesby each let this be heardsome do it with a bitter looksome with a flattering wordthe coward does it with a kissthe brave man with a sword | 1897, betrayal, bravery, courage, love, remorse
absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire. | love
well, you can think what you want, so long as you remember - no matter how ordinary things seem between us - i'm still here, still in love with you, and care about you more than any other guy, evil or otherwise, ever will. | adrian-ivashkov, love
soul connections are not often found and are worth every bit of fight left in you to keep. | connections, fight, friendship, love, soul-connection, spirituality, unrequited-love
the future for me is already a thing of the past -you were my first love and you will be my last | first-love, love
the opposite of love is not hate, its apathy, when you simply don't bother about that person! | hate, love
so don't you worry your pretty little mind because people throw rocks at things that shine. [ours] | love, lyrics, music
the anticipation and dread he felt at seeing her was also a kind of sensual pleasure, and surrounding it, like an embrace, was a general elation--it might hurt, it was horribly inconvenient, no good might come of it, but he had found out for himself what it was to be in love, and it thrilled him. | love
i've never wanted more, until i met you. | christian-grey, fifty-shades-of-grey, love
you were the sun, and i was crashing into you. | baz, carry-on, love
"her desires are mine. her wishes are mine. should even the world stand against her, my blade will be at her side. and should it fail to protect her, let my own existence be forfeit."" - ash | heartfelt, love, sweethearts, vow, vows"
i’ll tell them,” she said. “i’ll tell them it was my fault.”he looked at her, gold eyes incredulous. “you can’t lie to them.”“i’m not. i brought you back,” she said. “you were dead, and i brought you back. i upset the balance, not you. i opened the door for lilith and her stupid ritual. i could have asked for anything, and i asked for you.” she tightened her grip on his shirt, her fingers white with cold and pressure. “and i would do it again. i love you, jace wayland—herondale—lightwood—whatever you want to call yourself. i don’t care. i love you and i wil always love you, and pretending it could be any other way is just a waste of time. | city-of-fallen-angels, clary-fray, jace-wayland, love
…there is the heat of love, the pulsing rush of longing, the lover’s whisper, irresistible—magic to make the sanest man go mad. | classics, greece, longing, love, lovers
i like my body when it is with yourbody. it is so quite new a thing.muscles better and nerves more.i like your body. i like what it does,i like its hows. i like to feel the spineof your body and its bones, and the trembling-firm-smooth ness and which i willagain and again and againkiss, i like kissing this and that of you,i like, slowly stroking the, shocking fuzzof your electric fur, and what-is-it comesover parting flesh ... and eyes big love-crumbs,and possibly i like the thrillof under me you so quite new. | love, poetry
this is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. first to let go of life. finally, to take a step without feet. | love
what is love? two souls and one flesh friendship? two bodies and one soul. | friendship, love
child, it's a very bad thing for a woman to face the worst that can happen to her, because after she's faced the worst she can't ever really fear anything again. ...scarlett, always save something to fear— even as you save something to love... | fear, love, relationship
your salary is not love and your word is not love. your clothes are not love and holding hands is not love. sex is not love and a kiss is not love. long letters are not love and a text is not love. flowers are not love and a box of chocolates is not love. sunsets are not love and photographs are not love. the stars are not love and a beach under the moonlight is not love. the smell of someone else on your pillow is not love and the feeling of their skin touching your skin is not love. heart-shaped candy is not love and an overseas holiday is not love. the truth is not love and winning an argument is not love. warm coffee isn't love and cheap cards bought from stores are not love. tears are not love and laughter is not love. a head on a shoulder is not love and messages written at the front of books given as gifts are not love. apathy is not love and numbness is not love. a pain in your chest is not love and clenching your fist is not love. rain is not love.only you. only you, are love. | love
hate is... it's too easy. love. love takes courage. | hate, love, wisdom
a woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it. | life, living, philosophy, women
"never fall in love?""""always,"" said the count. ""i am always in love. | always, brett, count, fall-in-love, jake, love, never"
to fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead. | life, love
i wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. i wanted excitement and danger and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love. | danger, good, love, wild, win, yes
that was the only time, as i stood there, looking at that strange rubbish, feeling the wind coming across those empty fields, that i started to imagine just a little fantasy thing, because this was norfolk after all, and it was only a couple of weeks since i’d lost him. i was thinking about the rubbish, the flapping plastic in the branches, the shore-line of odd stuff caught along the fencing, and i half-closed my eyes and imagined this was the spot where everything i'd ever lost since my childhood had washed up, and i was now standing here in front of it, and if i waited long enough, a tiny figure would appear on the horizon across the field, and gradually get larger until i'd see it was tommy, and he'd wave, maybe even call. the fantasy never got beyond that --i didn't let it-- and though the tears rolled down my face, i wasn't sobbing or out of control. i just waited a bit, then turned back to the car, to drive off to wherever it was i was supposed to be. | loss, love, moving-on
do not fall in love with people like me. i will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth.i will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. and when i leave you will finally understand, why storms are named after people. | beautiful, blood, kiss, life, love, mouth, museums, parks
to find out if she really loved me, i hooked her up to a lie detector. and just as i suspected, my machine was broken.  | broken, deceit, deception, denial, deny, funny, honest, honesty, humor, illogical, illusion, lie, lie-detector, lies, life, love, machine, relationships, suspicion, women, word-junkies
i don't care a damn about men who are loyal to the people who pay them, to organizations...i don't think even my country means all that much. there are many countries in our blood, aren't there, but only one person. would the world be in the mess it is if we were loyal to love and not to countries? | countries, love, loyalty, nationality, politics, war
what is it about the moment you fall in love? how can such a small measure of time contain such enormity? i suddenly realize why people believe in déjà vu, why people believe they've lived past lives, because there is no way the years i've spent on this earth could possibly encapsulate what i'm feeling. the moment you fall in love feels like it has centuries behind it, generations—all of them rearranging themselves so that this precise, remarkable intersection could happen. in you heart, in your bones, no matter how silly you know it is, you feel that everything has been leading to this, all the secret arrows were pointing here, the universe and time itself crafted this long ago, and you are just now realizing it, you are now just arriving at the place you were always meant to be. | deja-vu, love
you’re in a car with a beautiful boy, and he won’t tell you that he loves you, but he loves you. and you feel like you’ve done something terrible, like robbed a liquor store, or swallowed pills, or shoveled yourself a grave in the dirt, and you’re tired. you’re in a car with a beautiful boy, and you’re trying not to tell him that you love him, and you’re trying to choke down the feeling, and you’re trembling, but he reaches over and he touches you, like a prayer for which no words exist, and you feel your heart taking root in your body, like you’ve discovered something you didn’t even have a name for. | love
this time when we kiss, i feel it in the pit of my stomach, i feel it in my heart. and i realize love isn't about sex. it's about connection. | connection, love
as if you were on fire from within.the moon lives in the lining of your skin. | beauty, inner-beauty, love, passion
falling for him would be like cliff diving. it would be either the most exhilarating thing that ever happened to me or the stupidest mistake i’d ever make. | love, love-struck, romance
you said you didn't want to get involved with me,that one of us would get hurt and how you couldn't bear it. well that just isn't good enough..look what happens to people just living their lives. they get hurt, it's not fair they get hurt but they do, all the time, no matter how careful they are. somebody can just just come along and hurt them, for no stupid reason.. | hope, hurt, life, love
it was not the passion that was new to her, it was the yearning adoration. she knew she had always feared it, for it left her helpless; she feared it still, lest if she adored him too much, then she would lose herself, become effaced, and she did not want to be effaced, a slave, like a savage woman. she must not become a slave. she feared her adoration, yet she would not at once fight against it. | love, passion
looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind. | beauty, beauty-in-nature, inspirational, love, meditation, mind, mindfulness, nature, nature-s-beauty, pure-awareness, purifying, relaxation
i mean, it's not surprising, really. once you love something, you always love it in some way. you have to. it's, like, part of you for good. | love
it answers the question that was tormenting you: my love, you are not 'one thing in my life' - not even the most important - because my life no longer belongs to me because...you are always me. | identity, love, personal-papers
many, many readers have written asking me wistfully about the nature of sam and grace's relationship, and i can assure you, that sort is absolutely real. mutual, respectful, enduring love is completely attainable as long as you swear you won't settle for less. | love
i carry your heart with me (i carry it in my heart)i am never without it (anywherei go you go,my dear; and whatever is done by only me is your doing,my darling)i fear no fate (for you are my fate,my sweet)i want no world (for beautiful you are my world,my true)and it's you are whatever a moon has always meant and whatever a sun will always sing is youhere is the deepest secret nobody knows(here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life; which growshigher than the soul can hope or mind can hide)and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars aparti carry your heart (i carry it in my heart) | love, poetry
and the two of them loved each other for a long time in silence without making love again. | love
she craved a presence beside her, solid. fingertips light at the nape of her neck and a voice meeting hers in the dark. someone who would wait with an umbrella to walk her home in the rain, and smile like sunshine when he saw her coming. who would dance with her on her balcony, keep his promises and know her secrets, and make a tiny world wherever he was, with just her and his arms and his whisper and her trust. | love
if you have reasons to love someone, you don’t love them. | love, philosophy
i may not always be with you but when we're far apartremember you will be with meright inside my heart | family, friendship, inspirational, love, poetry, relationships
death ends a life, not a relationship. | death, life
a half-read book is a half-finished love affair. | books, love, reading
to long a sacrifice can make a stone of a heart | love
you don’t love because: you love despite; not for the virtues, but despite the faults. | love
i reserve the right to love many different people at once, and to change my prince often. | anaïs-nin, love, polyamory
"i'll be your family now,"" he says. ""i love you,"" i say. (....)he stares at me. i wait with my hands clutching his arms for stability as he considers his response. he frowns at me. ""say it again.""""tobias,"" i say, ""i love you. | beatrice-prior, family, four, insurgent, love, tobias-and-tris, tobias-eaton, veronica-roth"
it is better to lose your pride with someone you love rather than to lose that someone you love with your useless pride. | love, pride
it's a strange thing to discover and to believe that you are loved when you know that there is nothing in you for anybody but a parent or a god to love. | being-loved, love
it was as if when i looked into his eyes i was standing alone on the edge of the world...on a windswept ocean beach. there was nothing but the soft roar of the waves. | love, passion
all of sudden, this shooting star went by, and all i could think was that they were listening to us somehow.  | hope, love
you were you,and i was i;we were twobefore our time.i was yoursbefore i knew,and you have always been mine too. | love
when i turn around, he cups my face in his hands and he kisses me so deeply that i don't know who is breathing for who, but his mouth and tongue taste like warm honey. i don't know how long it lasts, but when i let go of him, i miss it already. | kiss, love
he suddenly recalled from plato's symposium: people were hermaphrodites until god split then in two, and now all the halves wander the world over seeking one another. love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost. | love, philosophy
that's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. most people love you for who you pretend to be. to keep their love, you keep pretending - performing. you get to love your pretence. it's true, we're locked in an image, an act - and the sad thing is, people get so used to their image, they grow attached to their masks. they love their chains. they forget all about who they really are. and if you try to remind them, they hate you for it, they feel like you're trying to steal their most precious possession. | love, pretense, self-esteem, self-image, wisdom
there are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. when we are afraid, we pull back from life. when we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. we need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. if we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life. | beatles, fear, life, love
what sexual preference do you hope she has?” “happiness.” isnt that cool? | lgbt, love, sexual-preference, weetzie-bat
... it’s a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return. | blessings, catholic-author, falling-in-love, inspirational, inspirational-love, inspirational-romance, love, love-story, romance, true-love
is not general incivility the very essence of love? | banter, love
falling in love was like falling off a cliff. it felt pretty much like flying until you hit the ground. | love
the flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all. | inspiration, life
a heart, once stolen, can never be taken back. | cath, heart, love
loving you forever can't be wrong. even though you're not here, can't move on | love
i'm the kind of boy that can fall in love with any girl because i love with the heart, not the eyes. | love, niall-horan, one-direction
the strongest love is the love that can demonstrate its fragility. | fragility, love, vulnerability
you don't fall in love with someone because it's convenient. | love, timing, truth
"the acceptance of oneself is the essence of the whole moral problem and the epitome of a whole outlook on life. that i feed the hungry, that i forgive an insult, that i love my enemy in the name of christ -- all these are undoubtedly great virtues. what i do unto the least of my brethren, that i do unto christ. but what if i should discover that the least among them all, the poorest of all the beggars, the most impudent of all the offenders, the very enemy himself -- that these are within me, and that i myself stand in need of the alms of my own kindness -- that i myself am the enemy who must be loved -- what then? as a rule, the christian's attitude is then reversed; there is no longer any question of love or long-suffering; we say to the brother within us ""raca,"" and condemn and rage against ourselves. we hide it from the world; we refuse to admit ever having met this least among the lowly in ourselves. | christianity, denial, forgiveness, love, morality, self-image"
you are afraid of it because it is stronger than you you hate it because you are afraid of it you love it because you cannot subdue it to your will. only the unsubduable can be loved. | love
only time can heal your broken heart. just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs. | boys, broken-hearts, healing, love, time
whoever loves becomes humble. those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism. | change, life, love, personality
you are protected, in short, by your ability to love! | goodness, love
and the past held only this wisdom: that love was a damaging mistake, and its accomplice, hope, a treacherous illusion. and whenever those twin poisonous flowers began to sprout in the parched land of that field, mariam uprooted them. she uprooted them and ditched them before they took hold. | hope, love
it's not that i can't live without you; it's that i don't want to. there's a difference. we all make choices in life and i choose you.my heart belongs to you. and i'm not asking for it back, even if you won't want it anymore. i'm just asking for a chance to have your again. i promise i'll be more careful with it this time. | chance, choice, heart, love, mature-ya, promise
brod's life was a slow realization that the world was not for her, and that for whatever reason, she would never be happy and honest at the same time. she felt as if she were brimming, always producing and hoarding more love inside her. but there was no release...so she had to satisfy herself with the idea of love--loving the loving of things whose existence she didn't care at all about. love itself became the object of her love. she loved herself in love, she loved loving love, as love loves loving, and was able, in that way, to reconcile herself with a world that fell so short of what she would have hoped for. it was not the world that was the great and saving lie, but her willingness to make it beautiful and fair, to live a once-removed life, in a world once-removed from the one in which everyone else seemed to exist. | love
"stop fighting me!"" he said, trying to pull on the arm he held.he was in a precarious position himself, straddling the rail as he tried to lean over far enough to get me and actually hold onto me.“let go of me!” i yelled back.but he was too strong and managed to haul most of me over the rail, enough so that i wasn’t in total danger of falling again.see, here’s the thing. in that moment before i let go, i really had been contemplating my death. i’d come to terms with it and accepted it. i also, however, had known dimitri might do something exactly like this. he was just that fast and that good. that was why i was holding my stake in the hand that was dangling free.i looked him in the eye. ""i will always love you.""then i plunged the stake into his chest.it wasn’t as precise a blow as i would have liked, not with the skilled way he was dodging. i struggled to get the stake in deep enough to his heart, unsure if i could do it from this angle. then, his struggles stopped. his eyes stared at me, stunned, and his lips parted, almost into a smile, albeit a grisly and pained one.""that’s what i was supposed to say. . .” he gasped out.those were his last words. | blood, bridge, death, dhampir, dimitri, love, magic, promise, rose, stake, strigoi"
the key to a successful relationship isn’t just in the words, it’s in the choice of punctuation. when you’re in love with someone, a well-placed question mark can be the difference between bliss and disaster, and a deeply respected period or a cleverly inserted ellipsis can prevent all kinds of exclamations. | love
learn to deal with the fact that you are not a perfect person but you are a person that deserves respect and honesty. | brain, love, relationships, self-help, vp-shunt
marie, let’s suppose that two firemen go into a forest to put out a small fire. afterwards, when they emerge and go over to a stream, the face of one is all smeared with black, while the other man’s face is completely clean. my question is this: which of the two will wash his face? that’s a silly question. the one with the dirty face of course.’ no, the one with the dirty face will look at the other man and assume that he looks like him. and, vice versa, the man with the clean face will see his colleague covered in grime and say to himself: i must be dirty too. i’d better have a wash.’ what are you trying to say?’ i’m saying that, during the time i spent in the hospital, i came to realize that i was always looking for myself in the women i loved. i looked at their lovely, clean faces and saw myself reflected in them. they, on the other hand, looked at me and saw the dirt on my face and, however intelligent or self-confident they were, they ended up seeing themselves reflected in me thinking that they were worse than they were. please, don’t let that happen to you. | love, obsession, relations
i have loved no part of the world like this and i have loved no women as i love you. you're my human africa. i love your smell as i love these smells. i love your dark bush as i love the bush here, you change with the light as this place does, so that one all the time is loving something different and yet the same. i want to spill myself out into you as i want to die here. | africa, love, passion
to me it seems that too many young women of this time share the same creed. 'live, laugh, love, be nothing but happy, experience everything, et cetera et cetera.' how monotonous, how useless this becomes. what about the honors of joan of arc, beauvoir, stowe, xena, princess leia, or women that would truly fight for something other than just their own emotions? | beauvoir, creed, emotion, et-cetera, fighting-for-truth, independence, joan-of-arc, love, meaning, monotony, passion, princess-leia, purpose, sacrifice, stowe, strength, xena
you are my life now. | bella, edward-cullen, entertainment, love
i don't want to hurt you or anybody so please forget about me. just try. find yourself a better friend. | friendship, hurt, love, suicide, suicide-note
love, when spelled backwards and read phonetically, reads evil | love
he's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that you're his princess. | being-loved, life, love, true-love
it suddenly made sense. only twice in his life had he felt this inexplicable, almost mystical attraction to a woman. he’d thought it remarkable, to have found two, when in his heart he’d always believed there was only one perfect woman out there for him. his heart had been right. there was only one. | bridgertons, colin, happy-ever-after, love, romance, soulmates
you're an expert at sorry and keeping the lines blurry | couples, heartbreak, love, missing-you, sad, song-lyrics
i believein love at first sightbut i will always believe that the peoplewe lovewe have loved before.many, many, many times beforeand when we stumblethrough grace and circumstance and that brilliant illusion of choiceto finally meet them again, we feel it fastereach time through.the one glance that set life alightis two sets of two eyesstaring through the layersof lifetimes and stolen glancesand first kisses and hands held;the brace against the weight and unrelenting tideof waiting.i believein love at first sightbut am not burdened with the misconceptionthat it's a first sightat all. | love, love-at-first-sight, poetry, soul-mate
sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being. | inspirational, life, spiritual, uplifting
you have to be patient with him. travis doesn't remember much about it, but he was close to his mom, and after we lost her he was never the same. i thought he'd grow out of it, you know, with him being so young. it was hard on all of us, but trav... he quit trying to love people after that. i was surprised that he brought you here. the way he acts around you, the way he looks at you; i knew you were somethin' special. | love
he dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her. petra cotes, for her part, loved him more and more as she felt his love increasing, and that was how in the ripeness of autumn she began to believe once more in the youthful superstition that poverty was the servitude of love. both looked back then on the wild revelry, the gaudy wealth, and the unbridled fornication as an annoyance and they lamented that it had cost them so much of their lives to find the paradise of shared solitude. madly in love after so many years of sterile complicity, they enjoyed the miracle of living each other as much at the table as in bed, and they grew to be so happy that even when they were two worn-out people they kept on blooming like little children and playing together like dogs. | companionship, love, romance
love sucks. sometimes it feels good. sometimes it's just another way to bleed. | love
every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. those who wish to sing always find a song. at the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet. | love, poetry, song
do you remember what you said to me once? that you could help me only by loving me? well-you did love me for a moment and it helped me. it has always helped me.  | love
"love is a luxury.""""no. love is an element.""an element. like air to breathe, earth to stand on. | akiva, karou, love, romance"
"you really love her don't you,"" she said.with all my heart.""she looked as sad as i'd ever seen her.what's your heart telling you to do?""i don't know.""maybe"", she said gently,""you're trying to hard to hear it. | love, romance"
i crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.silent and starving, i prowl through the streets. bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day i hunt for the liquid measure of your steps. | love, passion, poetry, sonnet-xi
sometimes you have to learn to love what's good for you. | love
all the most powerful emotions come from chaos -fear,anger,love- especially love. love is chaos itself. think about it! love makes no sense. it shakes you up and spins you around. and then, eventually , it falls apart. | chaos, lost-love, love
let’s start with this statistic: you are delicious. be brave, my sweet. i know you can get lonely. i know you can crave companionship and sex and love so badly that it physically hurts. but i truly believe that the only way you can find out that there’s something better out there is to first believe there’s something better out there. what other choice is there? | call, dating, dating-advice, guys, love, marriage, romance, truth
this last night we tear into each other, as if to wound, as if to find the key to everything before morning. | inevitability, love, sex
do you like me?”no answer.silence bounced, fell off his tongueand sat between usand clogged my throat.it slaughtered my trust.it tore cigarettes out of my mouth.we exchanged blind words,and i did not cry,i did not beg,but blackness filled my ears,blackness lunged in my heart,and something that had been good,a sort of kindly oxygen,turned into a gas oven. | heartbreak, love, rejection
it shattered something inside me that hadn't been broken before. | heartbreak, love, truth
love is not a consequence. love is not a choice. love is a thirst. a need as vital to the soul as water is to the body. love is a precious draught that not only soothes a parched throat, but it vitalizes a man. it fortifies him enough that he is willing to slay dragons for the woman who offers it. take that draught of love from me and i will shrivel to dust. to take it from a man dying of thirst and give it to another whilst he watches is a cruelty i never thought you capable of. | love, romance
i know you're tired but come, this is the way. | divinity, love, poetry, rumi, spiritual, sufi
happiness is the china shop love is the bull.  | love, metaphor
if i had a camera,' i said, 'i'd take a picture of you every day. that way i'd remember how you looked every single day of your life. | life, love
sometimes i can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives i'm not living. | life
i think it is all a matter of love the more you love a memory the stronger and stranger it becomes  | infatuation, love, memory, recollection, remembrance
"it's risky, falling in love.""""i know that,"" i answered. ""i've been in love before. it's like a narcotic. at first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. the next day, you want more. you're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things. you think about the person you love for two minutes, and forget them for three hours.""but then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. if he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. and just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love.""""what a horrible way to put it,"" he said. | love, paulo-coelho"
he was the toast to her butter. | compatibility, love
and i still love you in my own fucked-up way. i miss you, i really do. can we still be friends? | love, quick, the-silver-linings-playbook
things that matter are not easy. feelings of happiness are easy. happiness is not. flirting is easy. love is not. saying you’re friends is easy. being friends is not. | friends, love, self
it doesn't matter who you are or what you look like, so long as somebody loves you. | love
dexter, i love you so much. so, so much, and i probably always will. i just don't like you anymore. i'm sorry. | love, one-day, one-day-david-nicholls, sorry
traveling in the company of those we love is home in motion. | family, love
you picked a lemon, throw it away lemonade is overrated. freaks should remain at the circus, not in your apartment. you already have one asshole. you don’t need another. make a space in your life for the glorious things you deserve. have faith. | busy, call, dating, dating-advice, faith, guys, love, romance
why did he have to be so gorgeous? why did he have to stand so close, and why did i still love him so much?  | humor, love, vampire
it isn't possible to love and part. you will wish that it was. you can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. i know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal. | love, poets, romance
so, i love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you. | love
don't leave a piece of jewelry at his house so you can go back and get it later he may be with his real girlfriend. | advice, affairs, dating, jewelry, life, love, men, relationships, romance, women
so it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love. | grief, grief-inspirational, heartbreak, life, life-lessons, love, love-hurts, love-story, price-of-love, prices, romance, sad, sad-but-true, sadness, true-love
"this album is called ""fearless,"" and i guess i'd like to clarify why we chose that as the title. to me, ""fearless"" is not the absence of fear. it's not being completely unafraid. to me, fearless is having fears. fearless is having doubts. lots of them. to me, fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. fearless is falling madly in love again, even though you've been hurt before. fearless is walking into your freshmen year of high school at fifteen. fearless is getting back up and fighting for what you want over and over again … even though every time you've tried before, you've lost. it's fearless to have that someday things will change. fearless is having the courage to say goodbye to someone who only hurts you, even if you can't breathe without them. i think it's fearless to fall for your best friend, even though he's in love with someone else. and when someone apologizes to you enough times for things they'll never stop doing, i think it's fearless to top believing them. it's fearless to say, ""you're not sorry"", and walk away. i think loving someone despite what people think is fearless. i think allowing yourself to cry on the bathroom floor is fearless. letting go is fearless. then, moving on and being alright … that's fearless too. but no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. you have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. that's why i write these songs. because i think love is fearless. | fearless, love"
one is loved because one is loved. no reason is needed for loving. | love
the heart of man is very much like the sea, it has its storms, it has its tides and in its depths it has its pearls too | heart, love, man, sea, soul, storms
i have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live. | inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-life, inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, life, living, love, meaning-of-life, passion
in bed that night i invented a special drain that would be underneath every pillow in new york, and would connect to the reservoir. whenever people cried themselves to sleep, the tears would all go to the same place, and in the morning the weatherman could report if the water level of the reservoir of tears had gone up or down, and you could know if new york is in heavy boots. | love
every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. | diplomacy, love, outrage
love is patient, love is kind. it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. | bible, love
"i don't love you anymore"", she whispered. ""i don't love you at all."" his throat closed. ""it's all right, sweetheart. i love you enough for both of us. | love"
maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. maybe we should be looking for a person. because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. so if you look for love, what you will find is love. but if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person. | inspirational, inspirational-life, inspirational-love, inspirational-love-quotes, inspirational-quotes, learning, learning-the-truth, learnings, looking-for-love, love, people, person
you have the power to tear me to pieces, to wound me so deep and true that i'll never recover. what rissa's death did to the boy i was? you have the ability to do a thousand times worse to the man i've become. | hawke, love, sienna-lauren
simon: so were you following me? or is it just an amazing coincidence that you happened to be on the roof of a building i was walking by when i got attacked?jace: i was following you.simon: is this the part where you tell me you're secretly in love with me? | humor, jace-lightwood, love, sarcasm, simon-lewis
when you're missing a peice of yourself, aching, gut wrenching emptiness begins to take over. until you find the link that completes your very soul, the feeling will never go away. most people find a way to fill this void, material possessions, a string of relationships, affairs, food...i bare my soul, with words, for all to see. | heartbreak, love, soulmate, writing
she is a friend of my mind. she gather me, man. the pieces i am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. | friendship, love
"do you remember all of your audiences?"" marco asks. ""not all of them,"" celia says. ""but i remember the people who look at me the way you do.""""what way might that be?""""as though they cannot decide if they are afraid of me or they want to kiss me."""" i am not afraid of you,"" marco says. | kiss, love"
the thing is, that world doesn't exist. all growing up means is that your realize no one will come along to fix things. no one will come along to save you. | elizabeth-scott, hate-you, love, love-you, miss-you
peace,love,empathy | love, peace
i'd like to get away from earth awhileand then come back to it and begin over.may no fate wilfully misunderstand meand half grant what i wish and snatch me awaynot to return. earth's the right place for love:i don't know where it's likely to go better. | brevity, love, nature, time, youth
if you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything. | attributed-no-source, girls, love
if you're reading this...congratulations, you're alive.if that's not something to smile about,then i don't know what is. | alive, congratulations, hope, humanity, inspiration, inspirational, inspire, life, poetry, smile, wisdom
she leaned down and looked at his lifeless face and leisel kissed her best friend, rudy steiner, soft and true on his lips. he tasted dusty and sweet. he tasted like regret in the shadows of trees and in the glow of the anarchist's suit collection. she kissed him long and soft, and when she pulled herself away, she touched his mouth with her fingers...she did not say goodbye. she was incapable, and after a few more minutes at his side, she was able to tear herself from the ground. it amazes me what humans can do, even when streams are flowing down their faces and they stagger on... | love, the-book-thief
...maybe it's only fitting that relationship that started with a lie would end with one. | bhie, gallagher-girls, lie, love, relationship
ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. | emotion, heartbreak, lost-love, love, parting
voicemail #1: “hi, isabel culpeper. i am lying in my bed, looking at the ceiling. i am mostly naked. i am thinking of … your mother. call me.”voicemail #2: the first minute and thirty seconds of “i’ve gotta get a message to you” by the bee gees. voicemail #3: “i’m bored. i need to be entertained. sam is moping. i may kill him with his own guitar. it would give me something to do and also make him say something. two birds with one stone! i find all these old expressions unnecessarily violent. like, ring around the rosy. that’s about the plague, did you know? of course you did. the plague is, like, your older cousin. hey, does sam talk to you? he says jack shit to me. god, i’m bored. call me.”voicemail #4: “hotel california” by the eagles, in its entirety, with every instance of the word california replaced with minnesota. voicemail #5: “hi, this is cole st. clair. want to know two true things? one, you’re never picking up this phone. two, i’m never going to stop leaving long messages. it’s like therapy. gotta talk to someone. hey, you know what i figured out today? victor’s dead. i figured it out yesterday, too. every day i figure it out again. i don’t know what i’m doing here. i feel like there’s no one i can —”voicemail #6: “so, yeah, i’m sorry. that last message went a little pear-shaped. you like that expression? sam said it the other day. hey, try this theory on for size: i think he’s a dead british housewife reincarnated into a beatle’s body. you know, i used to know this band that put on fake british accents for their shows. boy, did they suck, aside from being assholes. i can’t remember their name now. i’m either getting senile or i’ve done enough to my brain that stuff’s falling out. not so fair of me to make this one-sided, is it? i’m always talking about myself in these things. so, how are you, isabel rosemary culpeper? smile lately? hot toddies. that was the name of the band. the hot toddies.”voicemail #20: “i wish you’d answer. | answer, cole-and-isabel, cole-st-clair, in-love, isabel, isabel-culpeper, love, phone, voicemail
people do the damndest things when they’re in love. | love
see how she leans her cheek upon her hand. o, that i were a glove upon that hand that i might touch that cheek! | desire, glove, hand-in-glove, longing, love, touch
almost all the time, you tell yourself you're loving somebody when you're just using them. this only looks like love. | love
sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good. | funny, love, sex
it's a very brave thing to fall in love. you have to be willing to trust somebody else with your whole being, and that's very difficult, really difficult and very brave. | love
it's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. | charity, giving, love
one of the best times for figuring out who you are & what you really want out of life? right after a break-up. | breaking-up, breakups, dating, finding-yourself, fresh-starts, letting-go, love, loving-yourself, moving-on, new-beginnings, not-settling, positive-thinking, relationships, self-improvement, the-end, the-single-woman
at first we had so much to catch up on we were talking a hundred words a second, barely even listening to the ends of one another's sentences before moving onto the next. and there was laughing. lots of laughing. then the laughing stopped and there was this silence. what the hell was it?it was like the world stopped turning in that instant. like everyone around us had disappeared. like everything at home was forgotten about. it was as if those few minutes on this world were created just for us and all we could do was look at each other. it was like he was seeing my face for the first time. he looked confused but kind of amused. exactly how i felt. because i was sitting on the grass with my best friend alex, and that was my best friend alex's face and nose and eyes and lips, but they seemed different. so i kissed him. i seized the moment and i kissed him, | alex, love, rosie, the-silence
i'm not frightened. i'm not frightened of anything. the more i suffer, the more i love. danger will only increase my love. it will sharpen it, forgive its vice. i will be the only angel you need. you will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. heaven will take you back and look at you and say: only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love. | love, philosophy
"i have loved in life and i have been loved. i have drunk the bowl of poison from the hands of love as nectar,  and have been raised above life's joy and sorrow. my heart, aflame in love, set afire every heart that came in touch with it. my heart has been rent and joined again;  my heart has been broken and again made whole;  my heart has been wounded and healed again;  a thousand deaths my heart has died, and thanks be to love, it lives yet. i went through hell and saw there love's raging fire,  and i entered heaven illumined with the light of love. i wept in love and made all weep with me;  i mourned in love and pierced the hearts of men;  and when my fiery glance fell on the rocks, the rocks burst forth as volcanoes. the whole world sank in the flood caused by my one tear;  with my deep sigh the earth trembled, and when i cried aloud the name of my beloved,  i shook the throne of god in heaven.i bowed my head low in humility, and on my knees i begged of love,  ""disclose to me, i pray thee, o love, thy secret."" she took me gently by my arms and lifted me above the earth, and spoke softly in my ear,  ""my dear one, thou thyself art love, art lover,  and thyself art the beloved whom thou hast adored. | love, sufism"
"well, it's simple to love someone,"" she said. ""but it's hard to know when you need to say it out loud. | love"
and i didn't choose it, kat. i chose you. | confession, happiness, love
"she smiled, and her eyes started to drift downward. ""cather..."" back up to his eyes.""you know that i'm falling in love with you, right? | college-romance, falling-in-love, fangirl, levi, love, rainbow-rowell, romance, teen"
i am troubled, immeasurablyby your eyes. i am struck by the featherof your soft reply.the sound of glassspeaks quick, disdainand concealswhat your eyes fightto explain. | love
my girlfriend is sad and quiet and keeps me up all night worrying about her. | love, relationships
he went through life with his hands firmly shoved into his pockets. she danced. | love
"even after all this timethe sun never says to the earth,""you owe me.""lookwhat happenswith a love like that,it lights the whole sky. | life, love, sky, sun"
you know that when i hate you, it is because i love you to a point of passion that unhinges my soul. | heartache, love, passion, relationships, romance
there's always a moment when you start to fall out of love, whether it's with a person or an idea or a cause, even if it's one you only narrate to yourself years after the event: a tiny thing, a wrong word, a false note, which means that things can never be quite the same again. | change, heartbreak, love, moment, narrative
peeta, how come i never know when you're having a nightmare?” i say.“i don't know. i don't think i cry out or thrash around or anything. i just come to, paralyzed with terror,” he says.“you should wake me,” i say, thinking about how i can interrupt his sleep two or three times on a bad night. about how long it can take to calm me down.“it's not necessary. my nightmares are usually about losing you,” he says. “i'm okay once i realize you're here. | catching-fire, katniss-and-peeta, katniss-everdeen, love, peeta-mellark, romance, the-hunger-games
i want someone whose heart is big enough to hold me. | life, love
sleep my little baby-ohsleep until you wakenwhen you wake you'll see the worldif i'm not mistaken...kiss a loverdance a measure,find your nameand buried treasure...face your lifeits pain, its pleasure,leave no path untaken. | awakening, choice, dance, identity, individuality, life, love, name, pain, pleasure, sleep, treasure
you only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. | humor, life
till i loved i never lived. | love
i...will never...regret you. | love
i let myself slip away... just to stay sane. just to get through it. and when i felt myself slipping too far, i held on to the one thing i'm always sure of - blue eyes. bronze curls. the fact that simon snow is the most powerful magician alive. that nothing can hurt him, not even me. that simon snow is alive. and i'm hopelessly in love with him. | baz, carry-on, love
he must love you very much,' gavril said once i had my footing.i couldn't look at him. 'what makes you say that?' gavril sighed. 'i've known maxon since he was a child. he's never stood up to his father like that. | america, gavril, love, maxon
but love is always new. regardless of whether we love once, twice, or a dozen times in our life, we always face a brand-new situation. love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere. we simply have to accept it, because it is what nourishes our existence. if we reject it, we die of hunger, because we lack the courage to stretch out a hand and pluck the fruit from the branches of the tree of life. we have to take love where we find it, even if that means hours, days, weeks of disappointment and sadness.the moment we begin to seek love, love begins to seek us. and to save us. | love
but the hearts of small children are delicate organs. a cruel beginning in this world can twist them into curious shapes. the heart of a hurt child can shrink so that forever afterward it is hard and pitted as the seed of a peach. or again, the heart of such a child may fester and swell until it is a misery to carry within the body, easily chafed and hurt by the most ordinary things. | childhood, cruelty, heart, love, neglect
where you go, i shall go; where you die, i shall die, and there will i be buried. | fate, love
love is a decision, it is a judgment, it is a promise. if love were only a feeling, there would be no basis for the promise to love each other forever. a feeling comes and it may go. how can i judge that it will stay forever, when my act does not involve judgment and decision. | decision, feeling, fromm, love
"i was trying to make you jealous!"" simon screamed, right back. his hands were fisted at his sides. ""you're so stupid, clary. you're so stupid, can't you see anything?""she stared at him in bewilderment. what on earth did he mean? ""trying to make me jealous? why would you try to do that?""she saw immediately that this was the worst thing she could have asked him.""because,"" he said, so bitterly that it shocked her, ""i've been in love with you for ten years, so i thought it seemed like the time to find out whether you felt the same about me. which, i guess you don't. | cassandra-clare, city-of-bones, clary-fray, declarations-of-love, love, paranormal, simon-lewis, the-mortal-instruments, unrequited-love"
gilbert, i'm afraid i'm scandalously in love with you. | anne-of-windy-poplars, anne-shirley, gilbert-blythe, love
the love that moves the sun and the other stars. | inspirational, love
me plus you. (imma tell you one time) me plus you. (imma tell you one time)me plus you. (imma tell you one time)one time. when i met ya girl my heart when knock (knock knock) now them butterflies in my stomach won't stop (stop stop) even love is a struggle and it's all we got. so we gun keep keep climbing to the mountain top. 'cause your world, is my world, and my breath is your breath, and my heart is yours... | actors, girls, inspirational, love, singers, talent
no, it's not that. it's not what you're thinking. i was serious when i said 'all of it'. i can remember every moment we were together, and in eachof them there was something wonderful. i can't really pick any one time that meant more than any other. the entire summer was perfect, the kind of summer everyone should have. how could i pick one moment over another? poets often describe love as an emotion that we can't control, one that overwhelms logic and common sense. that's what it was like for me. i didn't plan on falling in love with you, and i doubt if you planned on falling in love with me. but once we met, it was clear that neither of us could control what was happening to us. we fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. for me, love like that has happened only once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. i'll never forget a single moment of it. | love, wonderful
god turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one | confusion, faith, inspirational, love
no human relation gives one possession in another—every two souls are absolutely different. in friendship or in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. | friendship, love
don't let yourself die without knowing the wonder of fucking with love. | fucking, love
my girlfriend is a party girl angel who can kick some arse and cook. | crushing-on, humor, kaidan, love
submission is not about authority and it is not obedience | william paul young, the shack
it's become impossible to deny he means something to me. | love
gentle reader, may you never feel what i then felt! may your eyes never shed such stormy, scalding, heart-wrung tears as poured from mine. may you never appeal to heaven in prayers so hopeless and so agised as in that hour left my lips: for never may you, like me, dread to be the instrument of evil to what you wholly love. | heartbreak, integrity, love
if you love me as you say you do,' she whispered, 'make it so that i am at peace. | love, peace
he came up and kissed me on my forehead, and before he stepped away, i closed my eyes and tried hard to memorize this moment. i wanted to remember him exactly as he was right then, how his arms looked brown against his white shirt, the way his hair was cut a little too short in the front. even the bruise, there because of me.then he was gone.just for that moment, the thought that i might never see him again… it felt worse than death. i wanted torun after him. tell him anything, everything. just don’t go. please just never go. please just always be near me, so i can at least see you.because it felt final. i always believed that we would find our way back to each other every time. that no matter what, we would be connected—by our history, by this house. but this time, this last time, it felt final. like i would never see him again, or that when i did, it would be different, there would be a mountain between us.i knew it in my bones. that this time was it. i had finally made my choice, and so had he. he let me go. i was relieved, which i expected. what i didn’t expect was to feel so much grief. | goodbyes, loss, love
beloved, let us love one another, because love is from god; everyone one who loves is born of god and knows god. whoever does not love does not know god, for god is love. | divinity, faith, god, love, philosophy, truth
for love is no part of the dreamworld. love belongs to desire, and desire is always cruel. | desire, love, sandman
i cannot express it; but surely you and everybody have a notion that there is or should be an existence of yours beyond you. what were the use of my creation, if i were entirely contained here? my great miseries in this world have been heathcliff's miseries, and i watched and felt each from the beginning: my great thought in living is himself. if all else perished, and he remained, i should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger: i should not seem a part of it. my love for linton is like the foliage in the woods: time will change it, i'm well aware, as winter changes the trees. my love for heathcliff resembles the eternal rocks beneath: a source of little visible delight, but necessary. nelly, i am heathcliff! he's always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than i am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being. | love, passion
sometimes people don’t understandthe promises they’re making when they make them,” i said.isaac shot me a look. “right, of course.but you keep the promise anyway. that’swhat love is. love is keeping the promise anyway. don’t you believe in true love? | keep, love, promises, the-fault-in-our-stars, truth
it isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. it is what you think about it. | attitude, contentment, happiness, inspirational, life
we love men because they can never fake orgasms, even if they wanted to.because they write poems, songs, and books in our honor.because they never understand us, but they never give up.because they can see beauty in women when women have long ceased to see any beauty in themselves.because they come from little boys.because they can churn out long, intricate, machiavellian, or incredibly complex mathematics and physics equations, but they can be comparably clueless when it comes to women.because they are incredible lovers and never rest until we’re happy.because they elevate sports to religion.because they’re never afraid of the dark.because they don’t care how they look or if they age.because they persevere in making and repairing things beyond their abilities, with the naïve self-assurance of the teenage boy who knew everything.because they never wear or dream of wearing high heels.because they’re always ready for sex.because they’re like pomegranates: lots of inedible parts, but the juicy seeds are incredibly tasty and succulent and usually exceed your expectations.because they’re afraid to go bald.because you always know what they think and they always mean what they say.because they love machines, tools, and implements with the same ferocity women love jewelry.because they go to great lengths to hide, unsuccessfully, that they are frail and human.because they either speak too much or not at all to that end.because they always finish the food on their plate.because they are brave in front of insects and mice.because a well-spoken four-year old girl can reduce them to silence, and a beautiful 25-year old can reduce them to slobbering idiots.because they want to be either omnivorous or ascetic, warriors or lovers, artists or generals, but nothing in-between.because for them there’s no such thing as too much adrenaline.because when all is said and done, they can’t live without us, no matter how hard they try.because they’re truly as simple as they claim to be.because they love extremes and when they go to extremes, we’re there to catch them.because they are tender they when they cry, and how seldom they do it.because what they lack in talk, they tend to make up for in action.because they make excellent companions when driving through rough neighborhoods or walking past dark alleys.because they really love their moms, and they remind us of our dads.because they never care what their horoscope, their mother-in-law, nor the neighbors say.because they don’t lie about their age, their weight, or their clothing size.because they have an uncanny ability to look deeply into our eyes and connect with our heart, even when we don’t want them to.because when we say “i love you” they ask for an explanation. | love, men, reasons-for-loving
faith goes up the stairs that love has built and looks out the windows which hope has opened. | hope, love
"two separate beings, in different circumstances, face to face in freedom and seeking justification of their existence through one another, will always live an adventure full of risk and promise."" (p. 248) | feminism, freedom, love, relationships"
i don’t understand the hatred and fear of gays and bisexuals and lesbians…it’s a concept i honestly cannot grasp. to me, it’s not who you love…a man, a woman, what have you…it’s the fact that you love. that is all that truly matters. | bisexual, gays, lesbian, love
every woman wants a man who'll fall in love with her soul as well as her body. | love, romance, women
true love begins when nothing is looked for in return. | love
it is a bad thing to have love and nowhere to put it. | love
everyone has choices to make no one has the right to take those choices away from us. not even out of love.. | choices, love, lucian-greymark, luke-garroway, mortal-instruments
forgiveness is the name of love practiced among people who love poorly. the hard truth is that all people love poorly. we need to forgive and be forgiven every day, every hour increasingly. that is the great work of love among the fellowship of the weak that is the human family. | forgiveness, love
the fiercest anger of all, the most incurable,is that which rages in the place of dearest love. | anger, bitterness, love
why is it that words like these seem dull and cold? is it because there is no word tender enough to be your name? | love
i’ve never been the one. not for anybody.”he closed the distance between them. “you’ll get used to it.” he tipped her face up to his, kissed her.“why? why am i the one?”“because my life opened up, and it flooded with color when you walked back into it. | forever, love, marriage, romance, sweet
america is the wealthiest nation on earth, but its people are mainly poor, and poor americans are urged to hate themselves. to quote the american humorist kin hubbard, 'it ain’t no disgrace to be poor, but it might as well be.' it is in fact a crime for an american to be poor, even though america is a nation of poor. every other nation has folk traditions of men who were poor but extremely wise and virtuous, and therefore more estimable than anyone with power and gold. no such tales are told by the american poor. they mock themselves and glorify their betters. the meanest eating or drinking establishment, owned by a man who is himself poor, is very likely to have a sign on its wall asking this cruel question: 'if you’re so smart, why ain’t you rich?' there will also be an american flag no larger than a child’s hand – glued to a lollipop stick and flying from the cash register.americans, like human beings everywhere, believe many things that are obviously untrue. their most destructive untruth is that it is very easy for any american to make money. they will not acknowledge how in fact hard money is to come by, and, therefore, those who have no money blame and blame and blame themselves. this inward blame has been a treasure for the rich and powerful, who have had to do less for their poor, publicly and privately, than any other ruling class since, say napoleonic times. many novelties have come from america. the most startling of these, a thing without precedent, is a mass of undignified poor. they do not love one another because they do not love themselves. | america, disgrace, inequality, love, poor
it’s the same with people who say, ‘whatever doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.’ even people who say this must realize that the exact opposite is true. what doesn’t kill you maims you, cripples you, leaves you weak, makes you whiny and full of yourself at the same time. the more pain, the more pompous you get. whatever doesn’t kill you makes you incredibly annoying. | loss, love, pain
"do you love me, westley? is that it?’	he couldn’t believe it. ‘do i love you? my god, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches. if your love were—‘	‘i don’t understand the first one yet,’ buttercup interrupted. she was starting to get very excited now. ‘let me get this straight. are you saying my love is the size of a grain of sand and yours is this other thing? images just confuse me so—is this universal business of yours bigger than my sand? help me, westley. i have the feeling we’re on the verge of something just terribly important.’	‘i have stayed these years in my hovel because of you. i have taught myself languages because of you. i have made my body strong because i thought you might be pleased by a strong body. i have lived my life with only the prayer that some sudden dawn you might glance in my direction. i have not known a moment in years when the sight of you did not send my heart careening against my rib cage. i have not known a night when your visage did not accompany me to sleep. there has not been a morning when you did not flutter behind my waking eyelids….is any of this getting through to you, buttercup, or do you want me to go on for a while?’	‘never stop.’	‘there has not been—‘	‘if you’re teasing me, westley, i’m just going to kill you.’	‘how can you even dream i might be teasing?’	‘well, you haven’t once said you loved me.’	‘that’s all you need? easy. i love you. okay? want it louder? i love you. spell it out, should i? i ell-oh-vee-ee why-oh-you. want it backward? you love i.’	‘you are teasing now; aren’t you?’	‘a little maybe; i’ve been saying it so long to you, you just wouldn’t listen. every time you said ‘farm boy do this’ you thought i was answering ‘as you wish’ but that’s only because you were hearing wrong. ‘i love you’ was what it was, but you never heard, and you never heard. | humor, love"
you can’t fool people into loving you. | love
and now these three remain: faith, hope and love. but the greatest of these is love. | faith, god, hope, love
maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay. | body, boy, boyfriend, boys, cool, culture, desire, emotion, friendship, funny, honesty, humor, humour, imagination, individuality, life, love, music, novel, passion, poem, poems, poet, poetry, poetry-life, poets, reality, relationships, romance, self, sex, technology, truth, wisdom, young, youth
—i don't want to lose you—then why are you the one that keeps letting go? | alexandra-bracken, liam-stewart, love, ruby-daly, the-darkest-minds
you know i love you, right?” the urge to kiss her goodbye was so strong that i almost broke our rules.she smiled, beautiful and golden in the late morning light. “not as much as i love you.”“oh, man. this is my dream come true: having an ‘i love you more’ debate. here, i’ll start. i love you more. your turn.”sydney laughed and opened the door. “i’ve taken debate classes. you’d lose to my logic. | couples, cute, i-love-you, love, stupidly-stupidly-adorably-otp, sydrian
in secret we met -in silence i grieve,that thy heart could forget,thy spirit deceive.if i should meet theeafter long years,how should i greet thee? -with silence and tears | love
is it possible, in the final analysis, for one human being to achieve perfect understanding of another?we can invest enormous time and energy in serious efforts to know another person, but in the end, how close can we come to that person's essence? we convince ourselves that we know the other person well, but do we really know anything important about anyone? | essence, friendship, important, love, people, philosophy, possibility, thought
sweets to the sweet. | death, love, shakespeare
what i cannot love, i overlook. | forgiveness, love, sanity
i think you're still the only person sharp enough to sharpen someone like me. | four-and-tris, love, together
don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. | attributed-no-source, cry, crying, experience, happiness, joy, life, misattributed-dr-seuss, optimism, sadness, smile, smiling
if you can capture a woman's imagination, then you will have her. but imagination is a strange creature. it needs time and distance to function properly. | love, romance
each time you happen to me all over again. | awe, love
when i look in the mirror, i know i’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all. | life, love
o romeo, romeo, wherefore art thou romeo? deny thy father refuse thy name, thou art thyself thou not a montegue, what is montegue? tis nor hand nor foot nor any other part belonging to a man what is in a name? that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, so romeo would were he not romeo called retain such dear perfection to which he owes without that title, romeo, doth thy name! and for that name which is no part of thee, take all thyself. | love, romeo-and-juliet
never stop smiling not even when you're sad, someone might fall in love with your smile. | life, love, phylosophy
i think sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we’re imagining it. because it is the most painful kind of hope there is. | hope, ignore, imagination, love, pain, pretend
my soul sees its equal in you. | khalid, love, shahrzard
i want to love you without clutching, appreciate you without judging, join you without invading, invite you without demanding, leave you without guilt, criticize you without blaming, and help you without insulting. if i can have the same from you, then we can truly meet and enrich each other. | love
to lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balancedlife. | love
this thing about you that you think is your flaw - it's the reason i'm falling in love with you. | falling-in-love, flaws, love
just because you love someone, doesn't mean you have to be involved with them. love is not a bandage to cover wounds. | love
my wish is that you may be loved to the point of madness. | love, madness
cut the ending. revise the script. the man of her dreams is a girl. | girls, lesbian, love, romance
and all i could think was that i would like to spend every morning for the rest of my life waking up beside her | love, novel
our love was a two-person game. at least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer.  | death, funny, game, humor, life, love, murder, relationships, word-junkies
"i love you,"" he whispered, and that was the moment he knew what he was going to do. when you loved someone, you put their needs before your own. no matter how inconceivable those needs were; no matter how fucked up; no matter how much it made you feel like you were ripping yourself into pieces. | love, self-sacrifice"
the thing with your heart's desire is that your heart doesn't even know what it desires until it turns up. | love
if conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale. | love, nicholas-sparks, relationships, the-choice
but no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. you have ot believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. that's why i write these songs. because i think love is fearless. | fearless, love
albert camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself or not.tom robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has a beginning and an end.camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.there is only one serious question. and that is: who knows how to make love stay?answer me that and i will tell you whether or not to kill yourself. | love, questions
"what you are is a fucking tragedy, simon snow. you literally couldn't be a bigger mess.""he tries to kiss me, but i pull back- ""and you like that?""""i love it."" he says""why?""""because we match. | adorable, love, mess, romance"
despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it's time for them to be hurt. | endurance, life, loss, love
she let out a laugh, and then she put her hand over her mouth, like she was angry at herself for forgetting her sadness. | laugh, love
i am lonely, yet not everybody will do. i don’t know why, some people fill the gaps and others emphasize my loneliness. | interaction, loneliness, love
above all, don't lie to yourself. the man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. and having no respect he ceases to love. | lies, love, respect, self-deception, truth
i want you any way i can get you. not because you’re beautiful or clever or kind or adorable, although devil knows you’re all those things. i want you because there’s no one else like you, and i don’t ever want to start a day without seeing you. | kleypas, love, soulmate
one thing: you have to walk, and create the way by your walking; you will not find a ready-made path. it is not so cheap, to reach to the ultimate realization of truth. you will have to create the path by walking yourself; the path is not ready-made, lying there and waiting for you. it is just like the sky: the birds fly, but they don't leave any footprints. you cannot follow them; there are no footprints left behind. | advaita, consciouness, enlightenment, evolution, guru, healing, love, meditation, realization, satsang, spirituality, teacher
sometimes we love with nothing more than hope. sometimes we cry with everything except tears. | love
i love you and it's getting worse. | devotion, humor, love
real love finds you once, if you're lucky. | love
one heart cannot serve two masters. | grave-mercy, heart, love
love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to a friend. | love
in your light i learn how to love. in your beauty, how to make poems. you dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes i do, and that sight becomes this art. | love
"waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. useless and disappointing."" ~ sam (hilary duff), a cinderella story | hearbroken, hurt, inspirational, love, rain, waiting"
i love you not only for what you are, but for what i am when i am with you. i love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me. i love you for the part of me that you bring out. | love
"i can write the saddest poem of all tonight. write, for instance: ""the night is full of stars, and the stars, blue, shiver in the distance."" the night wind whirls in the sky and sings. i can write the saddest poem of all tonight. i loved her, and sometimes she loved me too. on nights like this, i held her in my arms. i kissed her so many times under the infinite sky. she loved me, sometimes i loved her. how could i not have loved her large, still eyes? i can write the saddest poem of all tonight. to think i don't have her. to feel that i've lost her. to hear the immense night, more immense without her. and the poem falls to the soul as dew to grass. what does it matter that my love couldn't keep her. the night is full of stars and she is not with me. that's all. far away, someone sings. far away. my soul is lost without her. as if to bring her near, my eyes search for her. my heart searches for her and she is not with me. the same night that whitens the same trees. we, we who were, we are the same no longer. i no longer love her, true, but how much i loved her. my voice searched the wind to touch her ear. someone else's. she will be someone else's. as she once belonged to my kisses. her voice, her light body. her infinite eyes. i no longer love her, true, but perhaps i love her. love is so short and oblivion so long. because on nights like this i held her in my arms, my soul is lost without her. although this may be the last pain she causes me, and this may be the last poem i write for her. | love, sadness"
it was finally becoming clear to her that love wasn't about finding someone perfect to marry. love was about seeing through to the truth of a person, and accepting all their shades of light and dark. love was an ability. | love, marriage, romance
it does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. it is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters, | attention, compassion, happiness, happy-life, inspirational, kindness, life, love, meaning-of-life, meditation, money, oneness, peace, perspective, philosophy, positive-attitude, positive-living, purpose, purpose-in-life, purpose-of-life, purposeful-living, respect, revelation, self-awareness, self-discovery, spirit, spirituality, wisdom
losing you is most difficult for me, but the nature of my love for you is what matters. if it distorts into half-truth, then perhaps it is better not to love you. i must keep my mind but loose you. | loss, love
kids chase the love that eludes them. | love
mysteries of attraction could not always be explained through logic. sometimes the fractures in two separate souls became the very hinges that held them together. | attraction, love
yes, st. claire. i like you. but i can't say it aloud, because he's my friend. and friends don't let other friends make drunken declarations and expect them to act upon them the next day | anna-oliphant, love
for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. it was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. | love
say you’ll marry me when i come back or, before god, i won’t go. i’ll stay around here and play a guitar under your window every night and sing at the top of my voice and compromise you, so you’ll have to marry me to save your reputation. | embarrassment, love, marriage, proposals, rhett-butler
there is nothing on earth more beautiful to me than your smile...no sound sweeter than your laughter...no pleasure greater than holding you in my arms. i realized today that i could never live without you, stubborn little hellion that you are. in this life and the next, you’re my only hope of happiness. tell me, lillian, dearest love...how can you have reached so far inside my heart? | adoration, devotion, love, soulmates
they say: 'if a man knew himself,he would know all mankind.'i say: 'if a man loved mankind,he would know something of himself. | love
"you love me. real or not real?""i tell him, ""real. | katniss, love, peeta, suzanne-collins, the-hunger-games"
some people fall in love over and over again while some people can only do it once. | love
in itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man; either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation. | freedom-of-choice, heterosexuality, homosexuality, love
love at first sight is easy to understand | love
to wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect | expect, expectations, hope, love, wish
you can’t leave yet. i’m not finished falling in love with you. | love
"my mother, poor fish,wanting to be happy, beaten two or three times aweek, telling me to be happy: ""henry, smile!why don't you ever smile?""and then she would smile, to show me how, and it was thesaddest smile i ever saw | depression, facade, love, motherhood, pain"
the only difference between falling in love and being in love is that your heart already knows how you feel, but your mind is too stubborn to admit it. | heart, love, maybe-not, maybe-someday, stubbornness, warren
i wish the night would end,i wish the day'd begin,i wish it would rain or snow,or the wind would blow,or the grass would grow,i wish i had yesterday,i wish there were games to play... | death, love, nature, sadness, siblings, song-lyrics
sometimes i sit alone under the stars and think of the galaxies inside my heart and truly wonder if anyone will ever want to make sense of all that i am | lonliness, love, poetry
you are not a perfect woman.you have an evil temper, you’re as blind as a mole, you’re a deplorable poet, and frankly, your french accent could use some work.” supporting himself on his elbows, leo took her face in his hands. “but when i put those things together with the rest of you, it makes you into the most perfectly imperfect woman i’ve ever known. | hathaway, lisa-kleypas, love
love, i've come to understand is more than three words mumbled before bedtime. | love, the-meaning-of-love
true love always makes a man better, no matter what woman inspires it. | alexandre-dumas, love
i'll always want him. until every sun goes dark in every sky, until i am nothing more than long-forgotten cosmic dust, i will want him. and even then i suspect my particles will long for his. | desire, love
i'd rather die on my own terms than live on theirs. i'd rather die loving alex than live without him. | alex, delirium, lauren-oliver, lena, love, romance
i bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand. | answers, love, true, universe
you know that place between sleep and awake, that place where you still remember dreaming? that’s where i’ll always love you. that’s where i’ll be waiting. | dreams, love
when you like someone, you like them in spite of their faults. when you love someone, you love them with their faults. | love
love is not primarily a relationship to a specific person; it is an attitude, an ordination of character which determines the relatedness of the person to the whole world as a whole, not toward one object of love | fromm, love
if we’re going to kiss, it has to be book-worthy. | kiss, love
i had fallen too far. i was in love with rush finlay. | contemporary, love, new-adult, romance, young-adult
your heart can break at any age. | love
for there is no friend like a sisterin calm or stormy weather; to cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray,to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands | dependability, help, love, sisters
out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field.i'll meet you there.when the soul lies down in that grassthe world is too full to talk about. | friendship, love, peace, silence, soul, zen
what does the brain matter compared with the heart? | logic, love
she was beautiful, but not like those girls in the magazines. she was beautiful, for the way she thought. she was beautiful, for the sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved. she was beautiful, for her ability to make other people smile, even if she was sad. no, she wasn't beautiful for something as temporary as her looks. she was beautiful, deep down to her soul. she is beautiful. | beautiful, beauty, love, soul, woman
that's why i loved being with you. we could do the simplest things, like toss starfish into the ocean and share a burger and talk and even then i knew that i was fortunate. because you were the first guy who wasn't constantly trying to impress me. you accepted who you were, but more than that, you accepted me for me. and nothing else mattered-- not my family or your family or anyone else in the world. it was just us. | love, relationships, the-best-of-me
be careful of love. it'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong. | love
sometimes loneliness makes the loudest noise. | aching-heart, billy-holiday, breakups, central-features, circumstances, comeback, desperation, dwelling, edna-st-vincent-millay, ex-lovers, feelings, hole-in-the-world, imagination, impressive-comeback, intense-desire, love, mental-environment, negative-experiences, nostalgia, phenomenon, reciprocity, romantic-life, scars, st-vincent-millay
your naked body should only belong to those who fall in love with your naked soul. | chaplin, charlie-chaplin, love, naked, soul, vip
"i know you don't want this, katsa. but i can't help myself. the moment you came barreling into my life i was lost. i'm afraid to tell you what i wish for, for fear you'll... oh, i don't know, throw me into the fire. or more likely, refuse me. or worst of all, despise me,"" he said, his voice breaking and his eyes dropping from her face. his face dropping into his hands. ""i love you,"" he said. ""you're more dear to my heart than i ever knew anyone could be. and i've made you cry; and there i'll stop. | love"
you said, 'i love you.' why is it that the most unoriginal thing we can say to one another is still the thing we long to hear? 'i love you' is always a quotation. you did not say it first and neither did i, yet when you say it and when i say it we speak like savages who have found three words and worship them. | love, passion
you think because he doesn't love you that you are worthless. you think that because he doesn't want you anymore that he is right -- that his judgement and opinion of you are correct. if he throws you out, then you are garbage. you think he belongs to you because you want to belong to him. don't. it's a bad word, 'belong.' especially when you put it with somebody you love. love shouldn't be like that. did you ever see the way the clouds love a mountain? they circle all around it; sometimes you can't even see the mountain for the clouds. but you know what? you go up top and what do you see? his head. the clouds never cover the head. his head pokes through, beacuse the clouds let him; they don't wrap him up. they let him keep his head up high, free, with nothing to hide him or bind him. you can't own a human being. you can't lose what you don't own. suppose you did own him. could you really love somebody who was absolutely nobody without you? you really want somebody like that? somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door? you don't, do you? and neither does he. you're turning over your whole life to him. your whole life, girl. and if it means so little to you that you can just give it away, hand it to him, then why should it mean any more to him? he can't value you more than you value yourself. | emotion, love, self-respect, value
the heart is the toughest part of the body. tenderness is in the hands. | inspirational, love
i take no joy in mead nor meat, and song and laughter have become suspicious strangers to me. i am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. there is an empty place within me where my heart was once. | catelyn-stark, love, sad
the more boys i meet the more i love my dog. | boys, carrie-underwood, dogs, love
in desperate love, we always invent the characters of our partners, demanding they be what we need of them, and then feeling devastated when they refuse to perform the role we created in the first place. | love
snape's patronus was a doe,' said harry, 'the same as my mother's because he loved her for nearly all of his life, from when they were children. | fidelity, infatuation, love, unrequited-love
we are asleep until we fall in love! | love
it's not fair. it's not fair that he lets his rage take over, that he lets it rule him. i don't know why he has to let it rule him. i don't know why he has to be two people. i don't know why he gets to be two people, and i only get to be me, the one who is here to take what he has to give, and who is here to pick pu the pieces afterward. | abuse, dark, love, teen, ya
what will survive of us is love. | death, love
when it comes to men, deal with them as they are, not how you’d like them to be. | love, men, relationship
let me love you, but don't love me back. do love me and let me hate you for a while. let me feel like i have some control, because i know i never do.  | love, passion
when someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. they can come back to you, even at unlikely times. | love
if a girl starts out all casual with a guy and she doesn't tell him that she wants a relationship, it will never become a relationship. if you give the guy the impression that casual is okay with you, that's all he'll ever want. be straight with him from the start. if he gets scared and runs away, he wasn't right for you. | dating-advice, love, relationships
we’d read about sirens in english this fall; greek mythology bullshit about women so beautiful, their voices so enchanting, that men did anything for them. turned out that mythology crap was real because every time i saw her, i lost my mind. | love
ur be the things i am wiser to know:idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.four be the things i'd been better without:love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.three be the things i shall never attain:envy, content, and sufficient champagne.three be the things i shall have till i die:laughter and hope and a sock in the eye. | champagne, contentment, curiosity, doubt, envy, foes, friends, hope, idleness, inventory, knowledge, laughter, life, love, sorrow, sufficienty, superfluity, unattainable, values, wisdom
"this desire to govern a woman -- it lies very deep, and men and women must fight it together.... but i do love you surely in a better way then he does."" he thought. ""yes -- really in a better way. i want you to have your own thoughts even when i hold you in my arms. | equality, love, romance"
i remember when your name was just another name that rolled without thought off my tongue.now, i can’t look at your name without an abundance of sentiment attached to each lettter.your name, which i played with so carelessly, so easily, has somehow become sacred to my lips.a name i won’t throw around lightheartedly or repeat without deep thought.and if ever i speak of you, i use the english language to describe who you were to me. you are nameless, because those letters grouped together in that familiar form….. carries too much meaning for my capricious heart. | jamie-weise, love, love-story, memories, names, passion, remembering, sentiment, thoughts, trains, writers, your-name
love is like breathing. you take it in and let it out. | love
"...he had a way of taking your hand which made it clear he'd have to be the one to let go.""from alice hoffman's ""local girls"", pg.102. | boyfriend, dating, female, fiction, love, relationship, romance, teen"
what is love? there is nothing in the world, neither man nor devil nor any thing, that i hold as suspect as love, for it penetrates the soul more than any other thing. nothing exists that so fills and binds the heart as love does. therefore, unless you have those weapons that subdue it, the soul plunges through love into an immense abyss. | love
i’m here not because i am supposed to be here, or because i’m trapped here, but because i’d rather be with you than anywhere else in the world. | hope, love
if you remember me, then i don't care if everyone else forgets. | inspirational, love
i missed you, angel. not one day went by that i didn't feel you missing from my life. you haunted me to the point that i began to believe hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. i couldn't escape you and i didn't want to. you tortured me, but it was better than losing you. | haunted, heartache, life, loss, love, missing
the heart makes its choices without weighing the consequences. it doesn't look ahead to the lonely nights that follow. | heart, life, love
i wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with. | couples, deep, dissapointment, fate, heart, inspirational, love, people, romance
love of love written by the broken hearted, love of life written by the dead. | love
love moderately. long love doth so.too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.*love each other in moderation. that is the key to long-lasting love. too fast is as bad as too slow.* | love, moderation
i have made a lot of mistakes falling in love, and regrettedmost of them, but never the potatoes that went with them. | food, humor, love
do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. no, read in order to live. | books, inspirational, life, reading
one of the most frustrating words in the human language, as far as i could tell, was love.so much meaning attached to this one little word. people bandied it about freely, using it todescribe their attachments to possessions, pets, vacation destinations, and favorite foods. in thesame breath they then applied this word to the person they considered most important in theirlives. wasn’t that insulting? shouldn’t there be some other term to describe deeper emotion? | emotion, halo, human-language, liane, love, word
these pictures are my heart. and if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you. | emma-carstairs, julian-blackthorn, lady-midnight, love
my mother used to tell me that when push comes to shove, you always know who to turn to. that being a family isn't a social construct but an instinct. | dependence, family, love
the things we love destroy us every time, lad. remember that. | love, mormont
i could’ve sworn i was telling the truth when i told you i didn’t miss you. | break-ups, endings, love, missing-someone, relationships
she was bored. she loved, had capacity to love, for love, to give and accept love. only she tried twice and failed twice to find somebody not just strong enough to deserve it, earn it, match it, but even brave enough to accept it. | accepting-love, love
love is making friends with fear because fear is the constant companion of intimacy ~ and when you bring fear out of the darkness and into the light, you realize it was an illusion based on our own insecurities. | love
love is a form of prejudice. you love what you need, you love what makes you feel good, you love what is convenient. how can you say you love one person when there are ten thousand people in the world that you would love more if you ever met them? but you'll never meet them. all right, so we do the best we can. granted. but we must still realize that love is just the result of a chance encounter. most people make too much of it. on these grounds a good fuck is not to be entirely scorned. but that's the result of a chance meeting too. you're damned right. drink up. we'll have another. | love, wisdom
she just smiled, said that she loved books more than anything, and started telling him excitedly what each of the ones in her lap was about. and ove realised that he wanted to hear her talking about the things she loved for the rest of his life. | books, conversation, life, love, sharing, smile, soulmate, talking, true-love
all i've learned in today's shakespeare class is: sometimes you have to fall in love with the wrong person just so you can find the right person. a more useful lesson would've been: sometimes the right person doesn't love you back. or sometimes the right person is gay. or sometimes you just aren't the right person.thanks for nothing, shakespeare. | love
have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? for something, not to look down at, but up to? | achievement, admiration, atlas-shrugged, inspirational, love, objectivism
love is a possible strength in an actual weakness. | love
it's good to let god pick a man for you. we don't do so well when we pick them ourselves. they end up lipsticks in a drawer, all those wrong colors you thought looked so good in the package. | choose, color, god, life, lipstick, love, man, men, package, pick
be the one who nurtures and builds. be the one who has an understanding and a forgiving heart one who looks for the best in people. leave people better than you found them. | best, build, find, forgiveness, forgiving, heart, love, nurture, people, understand, understanding
little did i realise how much i would miss those ten minutes, those ten minutes in which i lived an entire lifetime. | love, missing
from childhood's hour i have not been. as others were, i have not seen. as others saw, i could not awaken. my heart to joy at the same tone. and all i loved, i loved alone. | heartache, loss, love
"promise to give me a kiss on my brow when i am dead. --i shall feel it.""she dropped her head again on marius' knees, and her eyelids closed. he thought the poor soul had departed. eponine remained motionless. all at once, at the very moment when marius fancied her asleep forever, she slowly opened her eyes in which appeared the sombre profundity of death, and said to him in a tone whose sweetness seemed already to proceed from another world:--""and by the way, monsieur marius, i believe that i was a little bit in love with you. | goodbye, kiss, love"
o serpent heart hid with a flowering face!did ever a dragon keep so fair a cave?beautiful tyrant, feind angelical, dove feather raven, wolvish-ravening lamb! despised substance of devinest show, just opposite to what thou justly seemest - a dammed saint, an honourable villain! | death, hate, love, poetry, shakespeare
without you in my arms, i feel an emptiness in my soul. i find myself searching the crowds for your face - i know it's an impossibility, but i cannot help myself. | grief, love
"it isn't about love,"" vee said. ""it's about fun. | fun, love, young"
you know it's never fifty-fifty in a marriage. it's always seventy-thirty, or sixty-forty. someone falls in love first. someone puts someone else up on a pedestal. someone works very hard to keep things rolling smoothly; someone else sails along for the ride. | inequality, love, marriage
i know what it is to live entirely for and with what i love best on earth. i hold myself supremely blest -- blest beyond what language can express because i am my husband's life as fully as he is mine.  | husband, love, marriage, wife
i finally know the difference between pleasing and loving, obeying and respecting. it has taken me so many years to be okay with being different, and with being this alive, this intense. (xxvi) | aging, being-alive, being-different, difference, intensity, love, loving, obedience, obeying, people-pleasing, pleasing-others, respect, respecting, wisdom
life will break you. nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. you have to love. you have to feel. it is the reason you are here on earth. you are here to risk your heart. you are here to be swallowed up. and when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. tell yourself you tasted as many as you could. | heartbreak, life, living, love, strength
i never understood how men could remember all those details about sports but, yet, were incapable of remembering where they set their car keys or wallet. | humor, love, men, tina-reber
a heart filled with anger has no room for love. | anger, forgiveness, love
love is eternal -- the aspect may change, but not the essence. there is the same difference in a person before and after he is in love as there is in an unlighted lamp and one that is burning. the lamp was there and was a good lamp, but now it is shedding light too, and that is its real function. and love makes one calmer about many things, and that way, one is more fit for one's work. | love
follow me, reader! who told you that there is no true, faithful, eternal love in this world! may the liar's vile tongue be cut out! follow me, my reader, and me alone, and i will show you such a love! | love
there used to be days that i thought i was okay, or at least that i was going to be. we'd be hanging out somewhere and everything would just fit right and i would think 'it will be okay if it can just be like this forever' but of course nothing can ever stay just how it is forever. | forever, friendship, love, okay, suicide, suicide-note
to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. | love
you're like a song that i heard when i was a little kid but forgot i knew until i heard it again. | beautiful, completion, love, music, recognition, sad
it took me years to figure out that upset was upset, and tumultuousness was not the same thing as passion. love isn't drama. | drama, love, passion, upset
i have been loving you a little more every minute since this morning. | love
he was too perfect, despite being one of the most imperfect people i knew. | adrian-ivashkov, flaws, love, realizations, sydney-sage
the fact that ridge has been honest in his conversations with me is not something he did wrong. the fact that he has feelings for me also isn’t wrong, when you know exactly how much he’s fought those feelings. people can’t control matters of the heart, warren. they can only control their actions, which is exactly what ridge did. he lost control once for ten seconds, but after that, every single time temptation reared its ugly head, he walked in the other direction. the only thing ridge has done wrong is fail to delete his messages, because by doing so, he failed to protect maggie. he failed to protect her from the harsh truth that people don’t get to choose who they fall in love with. they only get to choose who they stay in love with.” i look up at the ceiling and blink back tears. “he was choosing to stay in love with her, warren. why can’t she see that? this will kill him so much more than it’s killing her. | honesty, love, protectiveness, sadness
love is always open arms. if you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself. | love
of course he loves me. i’m his sister.”“blood isn’t love,” said magnus, and his voice was bitter. | city-of-lost-souls, isabelle-lightwood, love, magnus-bane
i am not a believer in love at first sight. for love, in its truest form, is not the thingof starry-eyed or star-crossed lovers, it is far more organic, requiring nurturing and timeto fully bloom, and, as such, seen best not in its callow youth but in its wrinkled maturity.like all living things, love, too, struggles against hardship, and in the process shedsits fatuous skin to expose one composed of more than just a storm of emotion–one of loyaltyand divine friendship. agape. and though it may be temporarily blinded by adversity,it never gives in or up, holding tight to lofty ideals that transcend this earth andtime–while its counterfeit simply concludes it was mistaken and quickly runs off tofind the next real thing. | love
sometimes god allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves. | faith, god, inspirational, love
don't marry a rich man. marry a good man. he will spend his life trying to keep you happy. no rich man can buy that! | inspirational, inspirational-love, love, women
i loved him as we always love for the first time | voltaire
"i love you more. i love you enough to let you go and live your dream."" i tilted my head and shrugged. ""don't you see....? i love you more.""he smiled softly and i brushed some hair off his forehead. running the backs of my fingers down his cheek, i whispered, ""and, yes, i will miss you, more than you could possibly imagine, but i know that you have to do this kellan. and you know it too.""stubbornly he shook his head. ""no, i know that i have to be with you. everything else is just .... details. | love, lovers, lovers-sadness"
my love is meatloaf flavored. i just wish my meatloaf was also meatloaf flavored. | absurd, desire, flavor, food, funny, humor, love, love-quotes, meatloaf, wish, word-junkies
i made such a fool of myself,” she lamented.“love does not make you a fool.”“he didn’t love me back.”“that does not make you a fool, either.”“just tell me …” her voice cracked. “when does it stop hurting?”“sometimes never. | hurt, love
but when i do feel all the strength go out of me, and i fall to my knees beside the table and i think i cry, then, or at least i want to, and everything inside me screams for just one more kiss, one more word, one more glance, one more. | grief, love, pain, sadness
love is so short, forgetting is so long. | love
deciding whether or not to trust a person is like deciding whether or not to climb a tree because you might get a wonderful view from the highest branch or you might simply get covered in sap and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors where it is harder to get a splinter. | humor, inspirational, love, simile, tree, trust
living with him is like being told a perpetual story: his mind is the biggest, most imaginative i have ever met. i could live in its growing countries forever. | love, writing
to love is to recognize yourself in another. | love
you don’t need scores of suitors. you need only one… if he’s the right one. | love, quotes, suitors
the best things in life make you sweaty. | inspirational, life, love, meaning-of-life, philosophical, puberty, purpose
there is love in holding and there is love in letting go. | death, love, separation
look after my heart - i've left it with you. | bella, edward, love, twilight-saga
the world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden. | community, connection, friendship, goethe, inspirational, love
people die...beauty fades...love changes...and you will always be alone | beautiful, creepy, dark, loneliness, love, lovely, poetry, scary
the truest form of love is how you behave toward someone, not how you feel about them. | commitment, love, respect
love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. at night, the ice weasels come. | humor, love, metaphor, simpsons
perhaps people like us cannot love. ordinary people can - that is their secret.  | love
"value your parabatai,"" he said. ""for it is a precious bond. all love is precious. it is why we do what we do. why do we fight demons? why are they not fit custodians of this world? what makes us better? it is because they do not build, but destroy. they do not love, but hate only. we are human and fallible, we shadowhunters. but if we did not have the capability to love, we could not guard humans; we must love to guard them. my parabatai, he loved like few ever could love, with all and everything. i see you are like that too; it burns more brightly in you than the fire of heaven | jace-herondale, jem-carstairs, love, parabatai, pg-235, power, will-herondale"
maybe you expected marriage to be perfect - i guess that's where you and i are different. see, i thought it would be all about making mistakes, but doing it with someone who's there to remind you what you learned along the way. | love, marriage, mistakes
when you love you should not think you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course. | love
i belong to the people i love, and they belong to me--they, and the love and loyaty i give them, form my identity far more than any word or group ever could. | identity, love, loyalty, tris
he who seeks ecstasy in love should not complain of suffering. | love
the greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over. | love
deep in her heart, she wasn't sure she deserved to be happy, nor did she believe that she was worthy of someone who seemed...normal. | deserve-love, love, love-worth, nicholas-sparks, safe-haven
"i give her the only honest and true answer i have.""you're where i want to be. | friends, love, lust"
i wish you could be kissed, jane,' he said. 'because i would beg just one off you. under all this.' he flailed an arm toward the stars. | blue, feelings, gansey, kiss, love
there is no charm equal to tenderness of heart. | love
but everyone disappears, no matter who loves them. | fatalism, love
to say ‘i love you’ one must first know how to say the ‘i.’ the meaning of the ‘i’ is an independent, self-sufficient entity that does not exist for the sake of any other person. a person who exists only for the sake of his loved one is not an independent entity, but a spiritual parasite. the love of a parasite is worth nothing. | life, love, spiritual, truth
love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it. | love, simile
love feels like a great misfortune, a monstrous parasite, a permanent state of emergency that ruins all small pleasures. | love
it's not the face, but the expressions on it. it's not the voice, but what you say. it's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. you are beautiful. | inspirational, love
amor fati – “love your fate”, which is in fact your life. | fate, inspirational, life, love
you can’t turn love on and off like a light switch, no matter how hard you try. all you can do is wall it off, one brick at a time, until you’ve created an impenetrable fortress around your emotions. and once that fortress is built, you camouflage it so well that even you can’t see it anymore. | alix, heartbreak, love
you're better than seven years of food. you're better than windows. you're even better than the sky. | love
if you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there | life, paraphrase-of-lewis-carroll
love, n. a temporary insanity curable by marriage. | insanity, love, marriage
the saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. | life, science, wisdom
and i've fallen.so hard.i've hit the ground. gone right through it. never in my life have i felt this. nothing like this. i've felt shame and cowardice, weakness and strength. i've known terror and indifference, self-hate and general disgust. i've seen things that cannot be unseen.and yet i've known nothing like this terrible, horrible, paralyzing feeling. i feel crippled. desperate and out of control. and it keeps getting worse. every day i feel sick. empty and somehow aching.love is a heartless bastard. | love, warner
desiring another person is perhaps the most risky endeavor of all. as soon as you want somebody—really want him—it is as though you have taken a surgical needle and sutured your happiness to the skin of that person, so that any separation will now cause a lacerating injury. | desire, longing, love
my experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. you know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky. | life
i delete the picture of him from my phone; i delete his number. i think that if i just delete him enough, it will be like none of it ever happened and my heart won't hurt so badly | break-up, lara-jean, love
sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next! | life, love, shopaholic, sophie
there ain't no way you can hold onto something that wants to go, you understand? you can only love what you got while you got it. | leaving, letting-go, love, loving, separating, separation
only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love. | agony, introspection, love, parting
love takes off the masks we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. | love
"i sought to hear the voice of god and climbed the topmost steeple, but god declared: ""go down again - i dwell among the people. | god, inspirational, love"
to be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous. | acceptance, being-loved, love, marriage, relationships, truth
to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed. | destruction, love
the bond forged between us was not one that could be broken by absence, distance, or time. and no matter how much more special or beautiful or brilliant or perfect than me he might be, he was as irreversibly altered as i was. as i would always belong to him, so would he always be mine. | bella, edward, love
love makes you see a place differently, just as you hold differently an object that belongs to someone you love. if you know one landscape well, you will look at all other landscapes differently. and if you learn to love one place, sometimes you can also learn to love another. | love, place
only love of a good woman will make a man question every choice, every action. only love makes a warrior hesitate for fear that his lady will find him cruel. only love makes a man both the best he will ever be, and the weakest. sometimes all in the same moment. -wicked  | laurell-k-hamilton, love, romance, the-harlequin, true-love, wicked
if you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway i can love for both of us | love
would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones? | friends, inspirational, life, love
it’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. you have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. the more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life. | belief, compassion, empathy, experiences, generosity, humility, inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-quotes, inspire, inspiring, joy, kindness, life, life-quotes, living, love, mind, motivation, motivational, optimism, optimistic, peace, positive, positive-affirmation, positive-life, positive-thinking, thoughts
popular culture is a place where pity is called compassion, flattery is called love, propaganda is called knowledge, tension is called peace, gossip is called news, and auto-tune is called singing. | autotune, bandwagon, compassion, culture, fads, flattery, gossip, knowledge, love, music, news, peace, pity, pop, pop-culture, pop-music, popular, popular-culture, popular-music, propaganda, singing, tension, trends
"in love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. if you tell someone you love them, for instance, you must be absolutely certain that they have replied ""i love you back"" and not ""i love your back"" before you continue the conversation. | humor, life, love, misheard-words"
the only queer people are those who don't love anybody. | gay, lesbian, lgbt, love, queer
whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well. | love
"i do not think i ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy. songs and proverbs, all talk of woman's fickleness. but perhaps you will say, these were all written by men.""""perhaps i shall. yes, yes, if you please, no reference to examples in books. men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. i will not allow books to prove anything. | books, clichés, constancy, double-standards, education, feminism, gender, inequality, love, men, misogyny, opportunities, social-norms, stereotypes, women"
have you ever been in love? horrible isn't it? it makes you so vulnerable. it opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. | love
colpo di fulmine. the thunderbolt, as italians call it. when love strikes someone like lightning, so powerful and intense it can’t be denied. it’s beautiful and messy,cracking a chest open and spilling their soul out for the world to see. it turns a person inside out, and there’s no going back from it. once the thunderbolt hits, your life isirrevocably changed. | friendship, love, love-at-first-sight
i want everything with you, america. i want the holidays and the birthdays, the busy season and lazy weekends. i want peanut butter fingertips on my desk. i want inside jokes and fights and everything. i want a life with you. | america-singer, love, maxon-schreave
just me, just mesweet marie, she loves just me(she also loves maurice mcghee).no she don't, she loves just me(she also loves louise dupree).no she don't, she loves just me(she also loves the willow tree).no she don't, she loves just me!(poor, poor fool, why can't you seeshe can love others and still love thee.) | love
i have never found anybody who could stand to accept the daily demonstrative love i feel in me, and give back as good as i give. | acceptance, love
for there are two kinds of forgiveness in the world: the one you practice because everything really is all right, and what went before is mended. the other kind of forgiveness you practice because someone needs desperately to be forgiven, or because you need just as badly to forgive them, for a heart can grab hold of old wounds and go sour as milk over them. | dichotomy, forgiveness, healing, heartbreak, love, self-esteem, sincerity
yours is the light by which my spirit's born: - you are my sun, my moon, and all my stars. | love, moon, stars, sun
i've learned that you know your husband still loves you when there are two brownies left and he takes the smaller one. | humor, love
love doesn’t have to be on valentine’s day. it doesn’t have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. it doesn’t have to conform to whatever is usual. it doesn’t have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day.it just has to be. in time. in place. in spirt.it just has to be. | beautiful, inspirational, life, love, relationships
"what am i supposed to call you?""""your royal husbandness. it's required by law, i'm afraid. | america-singer, love, maxon-schreave"
you can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love. | inspirational, love
i love being in love, but i also love other things, like not being jealous, overly sensitive, or needy.  | funny, humor, jealous, jealousy, love, sensitive, word-junkies
i love you with everything i am, everything i've been, and everything i hope to be. i love you with my past, and i love you for my future. i love you for the children we'll have and for the years we'll have together. i love you for every one of my smiles and even more, for every one of your smiles. | adoration, colin-bridgerton, love
let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love. | be-yourself, love, self-actualization
who fixes broken people? is it only other broken people, ones who've already been ruined? and do we need to be fixed? it was the messiness and hurt in our pasts that drove us, and that same hurt connected us at a subdermal level, the kind of scars written so deeply in your cells that you can't even see them anymore, only recognize them in someone else. | broken, love, ruined
"please,"" he says. ""i'm begging you to stop.""i still. ""i can't stomach your pain,"" he says. ""i can feel it so strongly and it's making me crazy- please,"" he says to me. ""don't be sad. or hurt. or guilty. you've done nothing wrong."" ""i'm sorry-""""don't be sorry, either,"" he says. ""god, the only reason i'm not going to kill kent for this is because i know it would only upset you more. | die-adam-please, ignite, ignite-me, juliette, love, murder, pain, so-ignited, warner"
love: the sickest of irony’s sick jokes. the place where logic and order go to die. | love
there are only so many of us born at a time and we are thrown into the world to find each other, to find the other ones who don't think you're strange, who understand your jokes, your smile, the way you talk.there are only so many of us born at a time and we only have so long to find each other before we die.but we have to try. | love
have you ever lost yourself in a kiss? i mean pure psychedelic inebriation. not just lustful petting but transcendental metamorphosis when you became aware that the greatness of this being was breathing into you. licking the sides and corners of your mouth, like sealing a thousand fleshy envelopes filled with the essence of your passionate being and then opened by the same mouth and delivered back to you, over and over again - the first kiss of the rest of your life. a kiss that confirms that the universe is aligned, that the world's greatest resource is love, and maybe even that god is a woman. with or without a belief in god, all kisses are metaphors decipherable by allocations of time, circumstance, and understanding | love, poetry, spirituality
we are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of true romance magazines—we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. i do not say lonely—at least, not all the time—but essentially, and finally, alone. this is what makes your self-respect so important, and i don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness. | alone, birth, death, growing-up, growth, life, lonely, love, self-respect
"...""better to have loved and lost"" bullshit. don't show me paradise and then burn it down. | love, memorable"
people say i make strange choices, but they’re not strange for me. my sickness is that i’m fascinated by human behavior, by what’s underneath the surface, by the worlds inside people. | humanity, life, love, physcology
as he read, i fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once. | love
if it weren't for music, i would think that love is mortal. | love, music, power-of-music
the only calibration that counts is how much heart people invest, how much they ignore their fears of being hurt or caught out or humiliated. and the only thing people regret is that they didn't live boldly enough, that they didn't invest enough heart, didn't love enough. nothing else really counts at all. | fear, heart, love, regret
trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel. | friendship, love, trust
to return to love, to get the love we always wanted but never had, to have the love we want but are not prepared to give, we seek romantic relationships. we believe these relationships, more than any other, will rescue and redeem us. true love does have the power to redeem but only if we are ready for redemption. love saves us only if we want to be saved. | love, romance
my daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away. | love, nicholas, nicholas-sparks, sparks, the-notebook
i will find you.in the farthest corner, i will find you. | find, finding-love, kiss, lia, love, prince, princess, rafe
i was smiling yesterday,i am smiling today and i will smile tomorrow.simply because life is too short to cry for anything. | cry, inspirational, joke, love, romance, smile
it was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight. | humbert-humbert, love
whenever you are ready, or if you never are, my heart is yours, until death do us part. whatever that may mean when consorting with one of death’s handmaidens. | love
love is a verb. love – the feeling – is the fruit of love the verb or our loving actions. so love her. sacrifice. listen to her. empathize. appreciate. affirm her. | love
that night when you kissed me, i left a poem in your mouth, and you can hear some of the lines every time you breathe out. | love, poetry, relationships, romance
a life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. | art, life
he recognized her despite the uproar, through his tears of unrepeatable sorrow at dying without her, and he looked at her for the last and final time with eyes more luminous, more grief-stricken, more grateful than she had ever seen them in half a century of a shared life, and he managed to say to her with his last breath: “only god knows how much i loved you | love
it didn't make you noble to step away from something that wasn't working, even if you thought you were the reason for the malfunction. especially then. it just made you a quitter. because if you were the problem, chances were you could also be the solution. the only way to find out was to take another shot. | giving-your-best, leave, life, love, malfunction, noble, problem, quitter, reason, solution, step-away, working-it-out
"i have something i need to tell you,"" he says. i run my fingers along the tendons in his hands and look back at him. ""i might be in love with you."" he smiles a little. ""i'm waiting until i'm sure to tell you, though.""""that's sensible of you,"" i say, smiling too. ""we should find some paper so you can make a list or a chart or something.""i feel his laughter against my side, his nose sliding along my jaw, his lips pressing my ear.""maybe i'm already sure,"" he says, ""and i just don't want to frighten you.""i laugh a little. ""then you should know better.""""fine,"" he says. ""then i love you. | beatrice, divergent, humor, love, tobias"
must i go bound while you go freemust i love a manwho doesn't love memust i be born with so little artas to love a man who'll break my heart | bridget, love, love-hurts
better than chocolate, being with you last night. silly me, i thought that nothing was better than chocolate. | love
we were very different, and we disagreed about a lot of things, but he was always so interesting, you know? | differences, love
why i wake early hello, sun in my face.hello, you who made the morningand spread it over the fieldsand into the faces of the tulipsand the nodding morning glories,and into the windows of, even, themiserable and the crotchety – best preacher that ever was,dear star, that just happensto be where you are in the universeto keep us from ever-darkness,to ease us with warm touching,to hold us in the great hands of light –good morning, good morning, good morning.watch, now, how i start the dayin happiness, in kindness. | love, spirituality
if the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. if it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. but i arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. this makes it hard to plan the day. | activism, humor, life, pleasure
"his noise is getting quieter, but i can still see it there still-see how he feels the skin of my hand against his, see how he wants to take it and press it against his mouth, how he wants to breathe in the smell of me and how beautiful i look to him, how strong after all that illness, and how he wants to just lightly touch my neck, just there, and how he wants to take me in his arms and-""oh, god,"" he says, looking away suddenly. ""viola, i'm sorry, i didn't mean-""but i just put my hand to the back of his neck-and he says, ""viola-?""and i pull myself towards him-and i kiss him.and it feels like, finally. | kiss, love, todd, viola"
love rules the court, the camp, the grove, and men below, and the saints above, for love is heaven, and heaven is love.  | love
but if i hadn't fallen, i wouldn't have met you. | becca-fitzpatrick, fallen-angels, hush-hush, love, nora-grey, patch-cipriano
a woman should soften but not weaken a man. | love
here's a news flash for the ladies: for every one of you who thinks we all want a girl like angelina jolie, all skinny elbows and angles, the truth is, we'd rather curl up with someone like charlotte - a woman who's soft when a guy wraps his arms around her; a woman who might have a smear of flour on her shirt the whole day and not notice or care, not even when she goes out to meet with the pta; a woman who doesn't feel like an exotic vacation but is the home we can't wait to come back to. | love, men, women
keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens | abundance, balance, better, book, change, empowerment, expression, freedom, fulfillment, fun, greater, happiness, health, help, hope, improvement, joy, life, love, meditation, money, more, peace, perfect, power, relaxation, self, self-expression, self-help-book, self-improvement-book, self-realization, success, wealth, your
i'm not married,” he said softly, “because i can't stomach the idea of marrying a woman inferior to me in mind and spirit. it would mean the death of my soul. | love, marriage
love jo all your days, if you choose, but don't let it spoil you, for it's wicked to throw away so many good gifts because you can't have the one you want. | amy-march, jo-march, longing, lost-love, love, spoil, teddy-lawrence, unrequited-love, waste-of-life
everyone's a little crazy. some people just hide it better than others. | love, mara-dyer, retribution-of-mara-dyer, romance
someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for god the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire. | faith, love, peace
"denna is a wild thing,"" i explained. ""like a hind or a summer storm. if a storm blows down your house, or breaks a tree, you don't say the storm was mean. it was cruel. it acted according to its nature and something unfortunately was hurt. the same is true of denna. | cruelty, fantasy, insight, love, nature, personality"
i wasn't actually in love, but i felt a sort of tender curiosity. | affection, amity, love
tucker: why would you tell me now if it's against the rules?clara: because i love you. | love, revelation, sorry
it always struck me in years after how bizarre it was, how two people could look at one another with such tenderness and complete love, and how quickly that could dissolve into nothing but bitterness. | bitterness, love
limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns it calls me on and on across the universe. | beatles, love, sun, universe
wow,” said adrian. he sat down on the bed and tested its bounciness, giving it a nod of approval. “this is amazing. what do you think, buttercup?”“i have no words,” i said honestly.he patted the spot beside him. “want to try it out? | adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines, couple, cute, fake-couple, love, romance, sydney-sage, vampires, ya, young-adult
we're taught that in life, we should try to look on the bright side. not in this case. in this case, assume rejection first. assume you're the rule, not the exception. it's liberating. but we also know it's not an easy concept. -he's not just into you | dating, greg-behrendt, he-s-not-just-into-you, humor, humour, love, marriage, romance, truth
love can rebuild the world, they say, so everything's possible when it comes to love. | love
"gabe?""the newchild stirred slightly in his sleep. jonas looked over at him. ""there could be love"", jonas whispered. | love, sleep, stirred, whispered"
she had to go on this quest. the fate of the world might depend on it. but part of him wanted to say: forget the world. he didn’t want to be without her. | destiny, fate, forget, friendship, love, otp, saving-the-world, world
nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love. | humor, love
some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. if you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore. | love, romance, work
self-talk reflects your innermost feelings. | counsel, counsellor, counselor, humanity, joy, kindness, love, peace, psychological, psychology, self-esteem, self-talk, self-worth, spiritual-indwelling, spiritual-life, spirituality
close your eyes and i'll kiss you, tomorrow i'll miss you. | beatles, kiss, love, miss-you, music, song-lyrics, tomorrow
true love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. if you hear bells, get your ears checked. | love
accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart. | fate, love, people
that must be love: when everything else in the world could implode and you wouldn't care as long as you had that one person standing beside you. | love
we travel, initially, to lose ourselves; and we travel, next to find ourselves. we travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers will accommodate. we travel to bring what little we can, in our ignorance and knowledge, to those parts of the globe whose riches are differently dispersed. and we travel, in essence, to become young fools again- to slow time down and get taken in, and fall in love once more. | inspirational, love, self-awareness, travel
[h]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar. | honesty, life, life-lessons, love
would you just stay with me?stay with you? what for? look at us! we're already fighting!well that's what we do! we fight! you tell me when i'm being an arrogant son of a bitch and i tell you when you're being a pain in the ass! which you are, 99% of the time. i'm not afraid to hurt your feelings, you have like a two-second rebound rate and you're back doing the next pain in the ass thing.so, what?so it's not gonna be easy, it's gonna be really hard. and we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but i wanna do that because i want you. i want all of you, forever. you and me. everyday. | love
take it from me: love has all the lasting permanence of a rainbow- beautiful while it's there, and just as likely to have disappeared by the time you blink. | constancy, everlasting-love, love
two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the universe or we are not. both are equally terrifying. | distance, life, loneliness, qotd, sense-of-wonder, universe
a man is only as good as what he loves. | love
three years? that's a thousand tomorrows, ma'am. | believing, bull-rider, cf, grief, horses, karen, kingsbury, love, romance, thousand, tomorrows
i’m stuck babysitting turtle eggs while a volleyball player slash grease monkey slash aquarium volunteer tries to hit on me.” i’m not hitting on you,” he protested.no?”believe me, you’d know if i was hitting on you. you wouldn’t be able to stop yourself from succumbing to my charms. | flirting, humor, love
i have now been married ten years. i know what it is to live entirely for and with what i love best on earth. i hold myself supremely blest - blest beyond what language can express; because i am my husband's life as fully as he is mine. no woman was ever nearer to her mate than i am: ever more absolutely bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. i know no weariness of my edward's society: he knows none of mine, any more than we each do the pulsation of the heart that beats in our separate bosoms; consequently, we are ever together. to be together is for us to be at once free as in solitude, as gay as in company. we talk, i believe, all day long: to talk to each other is but more animated and an audible thinking. all my confidence is bestowed on him, all his confidence is devoted to me; we are precisely suited in character - perfect concord is the result. | love
then i realize what it is. it's him. something about him makes me feel like i am about to fall. or turn to liquid. or burst into flames. | love
do not swear by the moon, for she changes constantly. then your love would also change. | love, moon, romeo-nad-juliet
i mean, i hope you're happy,but the sky is still the sky without you,and i'm not surprised by that anymore. | love
the moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever. | love
we are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we're not extending in the present. | love
failed relationships can be described as so much wasted make-up. | funny, humour, love, relationships, women
you are the one girl that made me risk eveything for a future worth having. | love
"i regret..."" tobias tilts his head, and sighs. ""i regret my choice.""""what choice?"", and... i felt like maybe i could make something more of my decision."" | abnegation, dauntless, faction, love, romantic, tobias-eaton, tris-prior"
"do you remember the first time we made love?"" he touched his lips to hers as he said it. ""we rode up in the elevator like this and couldn't keep our hands off each other, couldn't get to each other quick enough. i was mad for you. i wanted you more than i wanted to keep breathing. i still do."" he deepened the kiss as the elevator doors opened. ""it's never going to change. | eve-dallas, in-death, love, roarke, romance"
were knowledge all, what were our needto thrill and faint and sweetly bleed? | inspirational, love, philosophical, poetry
the soul is healed by being with children. | children, healing, humility, inspiration, love, openness, society
i crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.silent and starving, i prowl through the streets. bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day i hunt for the liquid measure of your steps. i hunger for your sleek laugh, your hands the color of a savage harvest, hunger for the pale stones of your fingernails, i want to eat your skin like a whole almond. i want to eat the sunbeam flaring in your lovely body, the sovereign nose of your arrogant face, i want to eat the fleeting shade of your lashes, and i pace around hungry, sniffing the twilight, hunting for you, for your hot heart, like a puma in the barrens of quitratue. | love, poetry
love's about finding the one person who makes your heart complete. who makes you a better person than you ever dreamed you could be. its about looking in the eyes of your wife and knowing all the way to your bones that she's simply the best person you've ever known. | bridgerton, love, marriage
the great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go god's love for us does not. | god, inspirational, love
love recognizes no barriers. it jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. | love
may you live every day of your life. | inspirational, life, philosophy, wisdom
there is always something left to love. | love
only the united beat of sex and heart together can create ecstasy. | ecstasy, love, passion, sexuality
letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. it's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself. | acceptance, letting-go, love, moving-on
unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense. | love
but, my god, it's so beautiful when the boy smiles | boyfriend, love, missing-you, romance, smile, song-lyrics
good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. | books, contentment, friends, friendship, life
isn't it funny how the memories you cherish before a breakup can become your worst enemies afterwards? the thoughts you loved to think about, the memories you wanted to hold up to the light and view from every angle--it suddenly seems a lot safer to lock them in a box, far from the light of day and throw away the key. it's not an act of bitterness. it's an act if self-preservation. it's not always a bad idea to stay behind the window and look out at life instead, is it? | allyson-braithwaite-condie, box, breakup, church, day, first, humor, lockup, love, memories, novel, pain, religion, romance
real museums are places where time is transformed into space. | collecting, love, museum, nostalgia, space, time
life is a gift. don't forget to live it. | inspirational, life, love, young-adult
relationships are all about trust and equality. if one person shares, then the other person should share, too. | friendship, love, romance
not like this. he wanted it to be real. | fake, haymitch, katniss, love, marriage, peeta, proposal
confession is not betrayal. what you say or do doesn't matter only feelings matter. if they could make me stop loving you-that would be the real betrayal. | betrayal, confession, love
falling in love is like owning a dog.throw things away and love will bring them back,again, and again, and again.but most of all, love needs love, lots of it.and in return, love loves you and never stops. | cool, love
what's meant to be will always find a way | fate, inspiration, love
i believe that love--not imitation--is the sincerest form of flattery. your imitator thinks that you can be duplicated your lover knows you can't. | flattery, love, self-esteem
kitten, your hands are heaven and your eyes are my home. | love
i am nothing special, of this i am sure. i am a common man with common thoughts and i've led a common life. there are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but i've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough.. | love
shut up…let me tell you, let me. every time i look at your face or even remember it, it wrecks me. and the way you are with me and you’re just fun and you shit all over me and you make fun of me and you’re real. i don’t have enough time in any day to think about you enough...i don’t even think about women anymore. i think about you. | comedian, louis-ck, love, romance, unrequited-love
remembering. forgetting. i'm not sure which is worse. | friendship, loss, love, pain
most true is it that 'beauty is in the eye of the gazer.' my master’s colourless, olive face, square, massive brow, broad and jetty eyebrows, deep eyes, strong features, firm, grim mouth, — all energy, decision, will, — were not beautiful, according to rule; but they were more than beautiful to me; they were full of an interest, an influence that quite mastered me, — that took my feelings from my own power and fettered them in his. i had not intended to love him; the reader knows i had wrought hard to extirpate from my soul the germs of love there detected; and now, at the first renewed view of him, they spontaneously arrived, green and strong! he made me love him without looking at me. | jane-eyre, love
we're connected, as women. it's like a spiderweb. if one part of that web vibrates, if there's trouble, we all know it, but most of the time we're just too scared, or selfish, or insecure to help. but if we don't help each other, who will? | love, sisterhood, woman-s-strength, women
every time i read to her, it was like i was courting her, because sometimes, just sometimes, she would fall in love with me again, just like she had a long time ago. and that's the most wonderful feeling in the world. how many people are ever given that chance? to have someone you love fall in love with you over and over? | alzheimer-s, chance, love, nicholas, nicholas-sparks, sparks, the-wedding
if you love deeply, you're going to get hurt badly. but it's still worth it. | change, life-lessons, love, pain
"bet you can't even name one romantic movie you like,"" she teased.she felt smug when a few minutes went by and oliver was still unable to name one romantic movie he could profess to enjoy.the empire strikes back,"" oliver finally declared, tapping his horn at a prius that wandered over the line.the empire strikes back? the star wars movie? that's not romantic!"" schuyler huffed, fiddling with the air conditioner controls.au contraire, my dear, it's very romantic. the last scene, you know, when they're about to put han in that freezing cryogenic chamber or whatever? remember?""schuyler mmm-hmmmed.and leia leans over the ledge and says, 'i love you.'""that's cheesy, not romatic,"" schuyler argued, although she did like that part.let me explain. what's romantic is what han says back. remember what he says to her? after she says 'i love you'?""schuyler grinned. maybe oliver had a point. ""han says, 'i know.'""exactly,"" oliver tapped the wheel. ""he doesn't have to say anything so trite as 'i love you."" because that's already understood. and that's romantic. | empire-strikes-back, i-love-you, love, remember, romantic, star-wars"
even on my weakest daysi get a little bit stronger | breaking-up, couples, letting-go, love, relationship, sad
annabeth pressed her lips to percy’s ear. “i love you.”she wasn’t sure he could hear her—but if they died, she wanted those to be her last words. | annabeth-chase, love, percy-jackson
i fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self respect. and it's these things i'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. i love her and it is the beginning of everything. | love
after all, a woman who doesn't love cats is never going to be make a man happy. | cats, love, men, women
"i don't think we get a choice in who we fall for,"" ian whispers. ""i think we just do. | love, romance"
"life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming ""wow! what a ride! | adventure, death, life"
you are my butterfly and refuse to set you free. | freedom, love
i know...and i love you. but i don't think we love each other in the same way. and...i think keeping you near me, would destroy me. | hurt-feelings, love
love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. | inspirational, love
a girl can wait for the right man to come along but in the meantime that doesn't mean she can't have a wonderful time with all the wrong ones | love, marriage
you said move on, where do i go? | grief, love
and i pray one prayer--i repeat it till my tongue stiffens--catherine earnshaw, may you not rest as long as i am living! you said i killed you--haunt me, then!...be with me always--take any form--drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where i cannot find you! | emily-bronte, love, pain, wuthering-heights
you see the first thing we love is a scene. for love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object i am going to love. the context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject...love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. the scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)... this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: i cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire. interval, something has been successful: i have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction). | affirmation, amorous, chance, consummation, context, desire, embrace, experience, fortune, gesture, longing, love, love-at-first-sight, memory, moment, satisfaction, success, time, union
happily ever after, or even just together ever after, is not cheesy,” wren said. “it’s the noblest, like, the most courageous thing two people can shoot for. | happiness, happy-endings, love
was it all in my head? a lunar trick?”her stomach twisted. “no.” she shook her head, fervently. how to explain that she hadn’t had the gift before? that she couldn’t have used it against him? “i would never lie—”the words faded. she had lied. everything he knew about her had been a lie.“i’m so sorry,” she finished, the words falling lamely in the open air.kai peeled his eyes away, finding some place of resignation off in the glistening garden. “you’re even more painful to look at than she is. | angst, betrayal, cinder, love, marissa-meyer, prince-kai
a guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever | dave-matthews, friends, love, relationships
i may not have gone where i intended to go, but i think i have ended up where i needed to be. | life, navigation
you looove me. (holds out arms) you love me this much. | fang, humor, love, love-struck, max, maxride
i don't like it when i outweigh my men. | humor, love, women
i'm not crying because of you you're not worth it. i'm crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are.  | broken-heart, crying, delusion, life, love, relationships, truth, worth-it
i want you to want me because you want me, not because of grief, not because he is not here. i want you to love me for me. i want you to kiss me first and not because you need me to help you, but because you need to kiss me. | astley, love, pixies
quizás aun no te comprenda. pero, con un poco de tiempo, llegaré a entenderte. y no habrá nadie en el mundo que te comprenda mejor que yo. | friendship, love, tokio-blues
i'll fight it. i'll fight it for you. don't you worry about me, hazel grace. i'm okay. i'll find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time. | augustus-waters, bittersweet, hazel-grace, love, sad, sweet, the-fault-in-our-stars
if having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans. | animals, gratitude, love, loyalty, soul
love comes with a knife, not some shy question, and not with fears for its reputation! | love
take care. if you do not speak – i shall claim you as my own in some strange presumptuous way. send me away at once, if i must go; – margaret! – | love, romance
i have seen the best of you, and the worst of you, and i choose both. | best, choice, love, worst, you
he placed his handson my mindbefore reachingfor my waistmy hipsor my lipshe didn't call mebeautiful firsthe called meexquisite - how he touches me | abuse, awareness, love, romance, self-love
loving someone and having them love you back is the most precious thing in the world. | amity, love, true-love
it may be that you are settled in another place it may be that you are happy but the one who took your heart wields final power. | love, obsession, passion
your beloved and your friends were once strangers. somehow at a particular time, they came from the distance toward your life. their arrival seemed so accidental and contingent. now your life is unimaginable without them. similarly, your identity and vision are composed of a certain constellation of ideas and feelings that surfaced from the depths of the distance within you. to lose these now would be to lose yourself. | friendship, love
throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. | dreams, life, love
the beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image. if in loving them we do not love what they are, but only their potential likeness to ourselves, then we do not love them: we only love the reflection of ourselves we find in them | friendship, love, self-discovery, trust, truth
"i touch the tip of my finger to his lips. ""there are secrets in here,"" i say. ""i want them out.""he tries to bite my finger.i steal it back. | bite, fangirling, feels, juliette, love, sexy, shatter-me, warner"
"he shook his head, just looking at me. - ""what?"" i asked.- ""nothing"" he said.- ""why are you looking at me like that?""augustus half smiled. ""because you`re beautiful. i enjoy looking at beautiful people, and i decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence."" a brief awkward silence ensued. augustus plowed through: ""i mean, particularly given that, as you so deliciously pointed out, all of this will end in oblivion and everything.""i kind of scoffed or sighed or exhaled in a way that was vaguely coughy and then said, ""i`m not beau-""- ""you are like a millennial natalie portman. like v for vendetta natalie portman.""- ""never seen it.""- ""really?"" he asked. ""pixie-haired gorgeous girl dislikes authority and can`t help but fall for a boy she knows is trouble. it`s your autobiography, so far as i can tell.""his every syllable flirted. honestly, he kind of turned me on. i didn`t even know that guys could turn me on - not, like, in real life. | augustus, awkward, beautiful, boy, flirt, girl, gorgeous, hazel, john-green, life, looking-at-me, love, lover, lovers, natalie-portman, real, real-life, silence, smile, smiling, the-fault-in-our-stars, turn-me-on, vendetta"
remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. life's cruelest irony. | irony, life, loneliness
why is the measure of love loss? | loss, love
to fall in love with god is the greatest romance; to seek him the greatest adventure; to find him, the greatest human achievement. | adventure, confessions, love, romance
nobody knows you.you don't know yourself.and i, who am half in love with you,what am i in love with?my own imaginings? | love
to be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. it doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. remember that only one person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of god. | breakup, broken, broken-heart, broken-hearted, broken-hearted-quotes, dating, faith, healing, heartache, heartbreak, heartbroken, hope, hurt, hurt-feelings, hurting, hurting-heart, inspirational, life, life-lessons, love, romance
i hold it true, whate'er befall;i feel it when i sorrow most;'tis better to have loved and lostthan never to have loved at all. | loss, love, poetry, sorrow
westley: this is true love — you think this happens every day? | humor, love
i want to do with you what spring does with the cherry trees. | love
if you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with. | inspirational, life, love, pop, singer, songwriter
that's what i love about aibileen, she can take the most complicated things in life and wrap them up so small and simple, they'll fit right in your pocket. | friend, friendship, life, love, problems
i'm backing down now. i really do love you. that's why i'm doing this. | love, omg, vampire-academy
there's a difference between really loving someone and loving the idea of her. | idealizations, love
the letter had been crumpled up and tossed onto the grate. it had burned all around the edges, so the names at the top and bottom had gone up in smoke. but there was enough of the bold black scrawl to reveal that it had indeed been a love letter. and as hannah read the singed and half-destroyed parchment, she was forced to turn away to hide the trembling of her hand. —should warn you that this letter will not be eloquent. however, it will be sincere, especially in light of the fact that you will never read it. i have felt these words like a weight in my chest, until i find myself amazed that a heart can go on beating under such a burden. i love you. i love you desperately, violently, tenderly, completely. i want you in ways that i know you would find shocking. my love, you don't belong with a man like me. in the past i've done things you wouldn't approve of, and i've done them ten times over. i have led a life of immoderate sin. as it turns out, i'm just as immoderate in love. worse, in fact. i want to kiss every soft place of you, make you blush and faint, pleasure you until you weep, and dry every tear with my lips. if you only knew how i crave the taste of you. i want to take you in my hands and mouth and feast on you. i want to drink wine and honey from you. i want you under me. on your back. i'm sorry. you deserve more respect than that. but i can't stop thinking of it. your arms and legs around me. your mouth, open for my kisses. i need too much of you. a lifetime of nights spent between your thighs wouldn't be enough. i want to talk with you forever. i remember every word you've ever said to me. if only i could visit you as a foreigner goes into a new country, learn the language of you, wander past all borders into every private and secret place, i would stay forever. i would become a citizen of you.and there it stopped. | angst, hannah-appleton, love, love-letters, passion, rafe-bowman, romance
if you have one parent who loves you, even if they can't buy you clothes, they're so poor and they make all kinds of mistakes and maybe sometimes they even give you awful advice, but never for one moment do you doubt their love for you--if you have this, you have incredibly good fortune.if you have two parents who love you? you have won life's lotto.if you do not have parents, or if the parents you have are so broken and so, frankly, terrible that they are no improvement over nothing, this is fine.it's not ideal because it's harder without adults who love you more than they love themselves. but harder is just harder, that's all. | love, moving-on, parents
don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you. | crying, heartache, love, sadness, tears
after all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person. | love, trust
i had never thought i could love another person this much. i also never thought i’d live in such fear of losing another person. was this how everyone in love felt? did they all cling tightly to their beloved and wake up terrified in the middle of the night, afraid of being alone? was that an inevitable way of life when you loved so deeply? or was it just those of us who walked on a precipice who lived in such panic? | adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines-series, love, richelle-mead, sydney-sage, the-fiery-heart
"when you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, ""what was it that you wanted and why didn't you fight for it? | best-friends, betrayal, boyfriends, break-ups, dating, divorce, family, friends, friendships, girlfriends, lost-love, love, loved-ones, lovers, marriage, moving-on, parents, ponderings, reflection, relationships, romance, senseless, soulmates, true-love, unrequited-love"
if anyone were to find out—” i began.patch kissed me, hard, but with an amused glint in his eye. “if i get caught, it’ll mean the end of kissing you. do you really think i’d risk that?” his face grew serious. “i know i can’t feel your touch, but i feel your love, nora. inside me. it means everything to me. i wish i could feel you the same way you feel me, but i have your love. nothing will ever outweigh that. some people go their entire lives never feeling the emotions you’ve given me. there is no regret in that. | love, nora, patch
let us begin this letter, this prelude to an encounter, formally, as a declaration, in the old-fashioned way: i love you. you do not know me (although you have seen me, smiled at me). i know you (although not so well as i would like. i want to be there when your eyes flutter open in the morning, and you see me, and you smile. surely this would be paradise enough?). so i do declare myself to you now, with pen set to paper. i declare it again: i love you. | four-letter-word, love
and in the end, we were all just humans.. drunk on the idea that love, only love, could heal our brokenness. | brokenness, drunk, love, misattributed-f-scott-fitzgerald
i wonder if it's medically possible to be addicted to another human being. | brittany, love, perfect-chemistry
never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. | activism, change, inspirational, life, philosophy, world
then, one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life...you give them a piece of you. they don't ask for it. they do something dumb one day like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. | independence, interdependence, life, love
"adrian smiled and clasped my hands, taking a few steps toward me. ""and as for who you are, you’re the same beautiful, brave, and ridiculously smart caffeinated fighter you’ve been since the day i met you.” finally, he put “beautiful” at the top of his list of adjectives. not that i should have cared.“sweet talker,” i scoffed. “you didn’t know anything about me the first time we met.”“i knew you were beautiful,” he said. “i just hoped for the rest. | adrian-ivashkov, attraction, cute, happiness, love, sydney-sage"
simplicity, patience, compassion.these three are your greatest treasures.simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world. | inspirational, life, philosophy
isn't it funny.i'm enjoying my hatred so much more than i ever enjoyed love. love is temperamental. tiring. it makes demands. love uses you, changes its mind. but hatred, now, that's something you can use. sculpt. wield. it's hard, or soft, however you need it. love humiliates you, but hatred cradles you. | cradle, enjoy, hate, hatred, humiliate, love, sculpt, soft, tiring, use
something that is yours forever is never precious | life, love, my-name-is-asher-lev, value
and all i loved, i loved alone. | love
once you figure out who you are and what you love about yourself, i think it all kind of falls into place. | fall, figure, love, place, you, yourself
i drive around the streetsan inch away from weeping,ashamed of my sentimentality andpossible love. | love, sentimentality, weep, weeping
"i love mankind, he said, ""but i find to my amazement that the more i love mankind as a whole, the less i love man in particular. | humanity, individuals, love, mankind"
hatred would have been easier. with hatred, i would have known what to do. hatred is clear, metallic, one-handed, unwavering; unlike love. | hatred, love
you have within you,right now,everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. | future, inspiring, love
it's not enough to believe! don't you see that, you stupid girl? you could spend your whole life hoping and believing! if a love affair is one-sided, then it's only ever a question, never an answer. you can't live your life waiting for an answer. | love
"if you don't like cinderella because she seems so ""naive"" and ""weak,"" listen to this quote from the walt himself: ""she believed in dreams, all right, but she also believed in doing something about them. when prince charming didn't come along, she went over to the palace and got him. | cinderella, disney, love"
it’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains... if only one could leave this life slowly! | beauty, death, dying, life, loss, love, regret, sorrow, time
you're still alive. and that means you'll love and be loved...and in the end, nothing else really matters. | alive, love
the moment our lips met, i knew with pure and piercing certainty that i would have waited for him forever. | alina, love
i could still feel the ghost of him hovering in the quiet, dark recess of my heart. it was as if he was just waiting for me to be lonely, or to let my guard down, so that he could surface and fill my mind again with thoughts of him. | love, romance
love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams. | love
watch out for intellect,because it knows so much it knows nothingand leaves you hanging upside down,mouthing knowledge as your heartfalls out of your mouth. | intellect, love, poetry
i don't care what you say to me. i care what you share with me. | life-lessons, love, poetry, share
what if love wasn't the act of finding what you were missing but the give-and-take that made you both match? | love
and i'm dying to know, is it killing you like it's killing me? and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. | heartbreak, love, realtionship
"look,"" i said, ""we knew jason and becky would be back, the break would end. this isn't a surprise, it's what's supposed to happen. it's what we wanted. right?""""is it?"" he asked. ""is it what you want?""whether he intended it to be or not, this was the final question, the last truth. if i said what i really thought, i was opening myself up for a hurt bigger than i could even imagine. i didn't have it in me. we changed and altered so many rules, but it was this one, the only one when we'd started, that i would break.""yes,"" i said. | love"
when you find love, you take it. you grab it with both hands and you do everything in your power not to let it go. you can’t just walk away from it and expect it to linger until you’re ready for it. | love
he'd only been gone two seconds, but the room got brighter when they were together, as if they were two elements that became brilliant in proximity. at sam's clumsy efforts to carry the vacuum, grace smiled a new smile that i thought only he ever got, and he shot her a withering look full of the sort of subtext you could only get from a lot of conversations whispered after dark.it made me think of isabel, back at her house. we didn't have what sam and grace had. we weren't even close to having it. i didn't think what we had could get to this, even if you gave it a thousand years. | cole, grace-brisbane, linger, love, sam-roth
i wonder if fears ever really go away, or if they just lose their power over us. | fear, love, power, powerful
anyone who is in love is making love the whole time, even when they're not. when two bodies meet, it is just the cup overflowing. they can stay together for hours, even days. they begin the dance one day and finish it the next, or--such is the pleasure they experience--they may never finish it. no eleven minutes for them. | love, sex
i feel like a part of my soul has loved you since the beginning of everything.maybe we’re from the same star. | love, soul, soulmates, star
does he love me? does he love anyone more than me? does he love me more than i love him? perhaps all the questions we ask of love, to measure, test, probe, and save it, have the additional effect of cutting it short. perhaps the reason we are unable to love is that we yearn to be loved, that is, we demand something (love) from our partner instead of delivering ourselves up to him demand-free and asking for nothing but his company. | love
love goes very far beyond the physical person of the beloved. it finds its deepest meaning in his spiritual being, his inner self. whether or not he is actually present, whether or not he is still alive at all, ceases somehow to be of importance. | love, spirituality, transcendence
a man in love can do extraordinary things, i don’t care if you’re an angel, you’re my angel, and i won’t let you go. | love
i love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea. | love
those we love never truly leave us, harry. there are things that death cannot touch. | death, death-of-a-loved-one, left-behind, love
time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity. | love, time
here she is, all mine, trying her best to give me all she can. how could i ever hurt her? but i didn’t understand then. that i could hurt somebody so badly she would never recover. that a person can, just by living, damage another human being beyond repair. | hurt, love
what made you fall in love with a prostitute?”“i didn’t understand it myself at the time. but i’ve thought about it since, and i think it was because, knowing that your body would never be mine alone, i had to concentrate on conquering your soul. | love, lovers
do any of us, except in our dreams, truly expect to be reunited with our hearts' deepest loves, even when they leave us only for minutes, and on the most mundane of errands? no, not at all. each time they go from our sight we in our secret hearts count them as dead. having been given so much, we reason, how could we expect not to be brought as low as lucifer for the staggering presumption of our love? | love
people aren't born good or bad. maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters. | bad, good, life
love is—a shade of what i feel. | khalid, love
every true love and friendship is a story of unexpected transformation. if we are the same person before and after we loved, that means we haven't loved enough. | love
in a strange way, i had fallen in love with my depression. dr. sterling was right about that. i loved it because i thought it was all i had. i thought depression was the part of my character that made me worthwhile. i thought so little of myself, felt that i had such scant offerings to give to the world, that the one thing that justified my existence at all was my agony. | depression, existance, love, prozac
true beauty is something that attacks, overpowers, robs, and finally destroys. | beauty, cruelty, love
it's amazing how people can sound like retards when they're talking to their girlfriend, especially if they really love her a lot. because when you're just fucking someone you make a point of keeping your cool, but when you're really in love - it can sound pretty repulsive. | love
we cultivate love when we allow our most vulnerable and powerful selves to be deeply seen and known, and when we honor the spiritual connection that grows from that offering with trust, respect, kindness and affection.love is not something we give or get; it is something that we nurture and grow, a connection that can only be cultivated between two people when it exists within each one of them – we can only love others as much as we love ourselves.shame, blame, disrespect, betrayal, and the withholding of affection damage the roots from which love grows. love can only survive these injuries if they are acknowledged, healed and rare. | affection, betrayal, blame, connection, disrespect, love, self, shame, vulnerability
i'd learned that some things are best kept secret. | life, love, secrets
love is always patient and kind. it is never jealous. love is never boastful or conceited. it is never rude or selfish. it does not take offense and is not resentful. love takes no pleasure in other people’s sins, but delights in the truth. it is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes. | 1-corinthians-13, love
i wanted to see the place where margaret grew to what she is, even at the worst time of all, when i had no hope of ever calling her mine. | hope, love, unrequited-love
you don't need to justify your love, you don't need to explain your love, you just need to practice your love. practice creates the master. | love, mastery, practice
you who suffer because you love, love still more. to die of love, is to live by it. | love
when we first met, i didn't want to get involved with anyone. i didn't have the time or energy, and i wasn't sure that i was ready for it. but you were so good to me, and i got swept up in that. and little by little, i found myself falling in love with you. | love, romance
when someone blushes, doesn't that mean 'yes'? | love
there are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. but on the wild nights who can call you home? only the one who knows your name. | love
conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.] | anger, generosity, goodness, inspirational, kindness, knowledge, love, truth, wisdom
marius and cosette were in the dark in regard to each other. they did not speak, they did not bow, they were not acquainted; they saw each other; and, like the stars in the sky separated by millions of leagues, they lived by gazing upon each other. | les-miserables, love, stars, strangers, victor-hugo
if you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship. | inspirational, life, love, relationship, self-knowledge, truth
there are some things, after all, that sally owens knows for certain: always throw spilled salt over your left shoulder. keep rosemary by your garden gate. add pepper to your mashed potatoes. plant roses and lavender, for luck. fall in love whenever you can. | lavender, love, magic, rosemary, salt, superstition
i love you every day. and now i will miss you every day. | death, death-and-dying, death-of-a-loved-one, love, mother
i know that's what people say-- you'll get over it. i'd say it, too. but i know it's not true. oh, youll be happy again, never fear. but you won't forget. every time you fall in love it will be because something in the man reminds you of him. | happiness, lost-love, love
it seems to me now that the plain state of being human is dramatic enough for anyone you don't need to be a heroin addict or a performance poet to experience extremity. you just have to love someone.  | heroin, humanity, love, poetry
no one has imagined us. we want to live like trees,sycamores blazing through the sulfuric air,dappled with scars, still exuberantly budding,our animal passion rooted in the city. | lesbian, love, poetry
in god there is no hunger that needs to be filled, only plenteousness that desires to give. | god, love
but i was youngand didn’t know betterand someone should have told me to capture every secondevery kiss & every nightbecause now i’m sitting here alone and it’s getting really hard to breath because tears are growing in my throat and they want to break out, but there are peoplewatchingand i just want to be somewhere silentsomewhere stillbut still i don’t want to be alone because i’m scared and lonelyand i don’t understandbecause i was alone my whole lifemy whole lifei was so damn lonely and i was content with thatbecause i liked myself and my own company and i didn’t need anyonei thoughtbut then there was you .. ...so, someone should have told me that love is for those few brave who can handle the unbearable emptiness,the unbearable guilt and lack of oneself,because i lost myself to someone i loveand i might get myself back one daybut it will take time, it will take time.this is gonna take some time.i wish someone would have told me this.someone should have told me this. | alone, charlotte-eriksson, empty-roads-broken-bottles, heartbreak, in-search-for-the-great-perhaps, kiss, love, love-story, moving-on, poetry, prose, sad, the-glass-child, the-great-perhaps, time, young-love, youth
the unqualified truth is, that when i loved estella with the love of a man, i loved her simply because i found her irresistible. once for all; i knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that i loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be. once for all; i love her none the less because i knew it, and it had no more influence in restraining me, than if i had devoutly believed her to be human perfection. | estella, irresistibility, love, perfection, pip
whoever said that love hurts was wrong. love is excruciating, especially when you can feel it slipping through your fingers and there is nothing you can do about it. like someone was playing tug-of-war with my limbs, ripping to shreds whatever was left behind. what it would feel like when love was lost...i wouldn't survive that | crow-s-row, love
i wore your promise on my finger for one yeari'll wear your name on my heart til i diebecause you were my boy, you were my only boy forever. | breaking-up, breakups, broken-heart, broken-hearted, broken-hearted-quotes, love, love-at-first-sight, love-hurts, lovers, lovers-love-story, lovers-quarrels-lovers, lovers-sadness, moving-on, passion, stories, truths
cole,” i said, “do you think i’m lovable?”“as in ‘cuddly and’?”“as in ‘able to be loved,’” i said.cole’s gaze was unwavering. just for a moment, i had the strange idea that i could see exactly what he had looked like when he was younger, and exactly what he’d look like when he was older. it was piercing, a secret glimpse of his future. “maybe,” he said. “but you won’t let anybody try.”i closed my eyes and swallowed. “i can’t tell the diference between not fighting,” i said,“and giving up.”despite my eyelids being tightly shut, a single, hot tear ran out of my left eye. i was so angry that it had escaped. i was so angry.beneath me, the bed tipped as cole edged closer. i felt him lean over me. his breath, warm and measured, hit my cheek. two breaths. three. four. i didn’t know what i wanted. then i heard him stop breathing, and a second later, i felt his lips on my mouth. it wasn’t the sort of kiss i’d had with him before, hungry, wanting, desperate. it wasn’t the sort of kiss i’d had with anyone before. this kiss was so soft that it was like a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it waslike a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it was like someone running his fingers along them. my mouth parted and stilled; it was so quiet, a whisper, not a shout. cole’s hand touched my neck, thumb pressed into theskin next to my jaw. it wasn’t a touch that said “i need more”. it was a touch that said “i want this.”it was all completely soundless. i didn’t think either of us was breathing.cole sat back up, slowly, and i opened my eyes. his expression, as ever, was blank, the face he wore when something mattered.he said, “that’s how i would kiss you, if i loved you. | bed, cole, cole-and-isabel, cole-st-clair, forever, isabel, isabel-culpeper, kiss, lovable, love, tear, wolf
when a woman loves you she's not satisfied until she possesses your soul. because she's weak, she has a rage for domination, and nothing less will satisfy her. | love, women
"so many words get lost. they leave the mouth and lose their courage, wandering aimlessly until they are swept into the gutter like dead leaves. on rainy days, you can hear their chorus rushing past: iwasabeautifulgirlpleasedon’tgoitoobelievemybodyismadeofglass-i’veneverlovedanyoneithinkofmyselfasfunnyforgiveme….there was a time when it wasn’t uncommon to use a piece of string to guide words that otherwise might falter on the way to their destinations. shy people carried a little bunch of string in their pockets, but people considered loudmouths had no less need for it, since those used to being overheard by everyone were often at a loss for how to make themselves heard by someone. the physical distance between two people using a string was often small; sometimes the smaller the distance, the greater the need for the string.	the practice of attaching cups to the ends of string came much later. some say it is related to the irrepressible urge to press shells to our ears, to hear the still-surviving echo of the world’s first expression. others say it was started by a man who held the end of a string that was unraveled across the ocean by a girl who left for america.when the world grew bigger, and there wasn’t enough string to keep the things people wanted to say from disappearing into the vastness, the telephone was invented.sometimes no length of string is long enough to say the thing that needs to be said. in such cases all the string can do, in whatever its form, is conduct a person’s silence. | listening, love, poignant"
my love affair with (him) had a wonderful element of romance to it, which i will always cherish. but it was not an infatuation, and here’s how i can tell: because i did not demand that he become my great emancipator or my source of all life, nor did i immediately vanish into that man’s chest cavity like a twisted, unrecognizable, parasitical homonculus. during our long period of courtship, i remained intact within my own personality, and i allowed myself to meet (him) for who he was. | crush, infatuation, love
no matter how much you think you love somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close. | love
how do i love thee? let me count the ways.i love thee to the depth and breadth and heightmy soul can reach, when feeling out of sightfor the ends of being and ideal grace.i love thee to the level of every day'smost quiet need, by sun and candle-light.i love thee freely, as men strive for right.i love thee purely, as they turn from praise.i love thee with the passion put to usein my old griefs, and with my childhood's faith.i love thee with a love i seemed to losewith my lost saints. i love thee with the breath,smiles, tears, of all my life; and, if god choose,i shall but love thee better after death. | love, poems, poetry, sonnet, sonnet-xlii
i thought we were a real love relationship. i did. i was very invested in love, but it was just this long long sex thing that could end at any moment because after all, it's just about getting off. almost all the time, you tell yourself you're loving somebody when you're just using them. this only looks like love. | love
what's a fuck when what i want is love? | love, sex
a man is lucky if he is the first love of a woman. a woman is lucky if she is the last love of a man. | first-love, gender-roles, last-love, love, love-makes-you-do-the-wacky, men, men-mars-women-venus, relationships, women
a lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment. | humor, love, romantic, women
statistically speaking, there is a 65 percent chance that the love of your life is having an affair. be very suspicious. | adultery, humor, infidelity, love, relationships, romance, statistics, suspicion
i'm with you. no matter what else you have in your head i'm with you and i love you. | love
the only obsession everyone wants: 'love.' people think that in falling in love they make themselves whole? the platonic union of souls? i think otherwise. i think you're whole before you begin. and the love fractures you. you're whole, and then you're cracked open.  | love
do not allow me to forget you | forgetting, love
you know what the secret is? it's so simple. we love one another. we're nice to one another. do you know how rare that is? - carmen | friendship, love
i believe in the immeasurable power of love that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance. | circumstance, distance, endure, inspirational, long-distance-love, love, power, relationships, soul-mates, true-love
it's one thing to fall in love. it's another to feel someone else fall in love with you, and to feel a responsibility toward that love. | love
just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. and just when you think it can't get any better, it can. | life, love
now, as we stand three feet apart and stare at each other, i feel the full distance that comes with spending so much time apart, a moment filled with the electricity of a first meeting and the uncertainty of strangers. | champion, day, june, love, marie-lu, strangers
we waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love. | love, sex
the right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing. | inspirational, love, timing
"you are my heart, my life, my entire existence."" -ash | ash, iron-fey-trilogy, julie-kagawa, love"
and then i opened my eyes and it was just grace and me - nothing anywhere but grace and me - she pressing her lips together as though she were keeping my kiss inside her, and me, holding this moment that was as fragile as a bird in my hands. | kissing, love
people talk about the happy quiet that can exist between two loves, but this, too, was great; sitting between his sister and his brother, saying nothing, eating. before the world existed, before it was populated, and before there were wars and jobs and colleges and movies and clothes and opinions and foreign travel -- before all of these things there had been only one person, zora, and only one place: a tent in the living room made from chairs and bed-sheets. after a few years, levi arrived; space was made for him; it was as if he had always been. looking at them both now, jerome found himself in their finger joints and neat conch ears, in their long legs and wild curls. he heard himself in their partial lisps caused by puffy tongues vibrating against slightly noticeable buckteeth. he did not consider if or how or why he loved them. they were just love: they were the first evidence he ever had of love, and they would be the last confirmation of love when everything else fell away. | family, love, siblings
not that she didn't love almost every boy she'd ever met, and not that every boy in the world didn't totally love her. it was impossible not to. but she wanted someone to love her and shower her with attention the way only a boy who was completely in love with her could. the rare sort of love. true love. the kind of love she'd never had. | gossip-girl, love, serena
if i love you, what business is it of yours? | business, love
that i shall love always, i argue theethat love is life,and life hath immortality | life, love
i have such a fear of finding another like myself, and such a desire to find one! i am so utterly lonely, but i also have such a fear that my isolation be broken through, and i no longer be the head and ruler of my universe. | fear, isolation, love
i thought you were gone forever, i thought you’d walked away from everything, because i failed, because i destroyed the only thing that ever mattered to me. i waited for you to come, but you didn’t. | hurt, lost, love
love is made up of three unconditional properties in equal measure:1. acceptance2. understanding3. appreciationremove any one of the three and the triangle falls apart.which, by the way, is something highly inadvisable. think about it — do you really want to live in a world of only two dimensions?so, for the love of a triangle, please keep love whole. | acceptance, affection, appreciation, complex, dimension, dimensions, love, love-triangle, measure, properties, property, qualities, three, three-dimensional, triangle, trinity, two, two-dimensional, unconditional, unconditional-acceptance, unconditional-love, understand, understanding, whole, world
she didn't belong anywhere and she never really belonged to anyone. and everyone else belonged somewhere and to someone. people thought she was too wonderful. but she only wanted to belong to someone. people always thought she was too wonderful to belong to them or that something too wonderful would hurt too much to lose. and that's why she liked him-- because he just thought she was crazy. | belonging, belonging-to-someone, boy-meets-girl, craziness, crazy, heartwarming, inspirational-love, love, lovers, wonderful
the course of true love never did run smooth. | love, true-love
love is a state in which a man sees things most decidedly as they are not. | love
i didn't want to kiss you goodbye — that was the trouble — i wanted to kiss you good night — and there's a lot of difference. | ernest-hemingway, kiss, love, trouble
i was his exception, and as much as i had tried to fight my feelings, he was mine. | abby-abernathy, love, romance, travis-maddox
when two people meet and fall in love, there's a sudden rush of magic. magic is just naturally present then. we tend to feed on that gratuitous magic without striving to make any more. one day we wake up and find that the magic is gone. we hustle to get it back, but by then it's usually too late, we've used it up. what we have to do is work like hell at making additional magic right from the start. it's hard work, but if we can remember to do it, we greatly improve our chances of making love stay. | love, magic
well, nowif little by little you stop loving mei shall stop loving youlittle by littleif suddenly you forget medo not look for mefor i shall already have forgotten youif you think it long and mad the wind of banners that passes through my lifeand you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where i have rootsrememberthat on that day, at that hour, i shall lift my armsand my roots will set off to seek another land | forgetting, heartbreak, inspirational, living, love, moving-on
love is so unpredictable. that's what makes it so great. | love
if music be the food of love, play on. | love, music
people are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. people talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. love hurts. feelings are disturbing. people are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. how can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? pain is meant to wake us up. people try to hide their pain. but they’re wrong. pain is something to carry, like a radio. you feel your strength in the experience of pain. it’s all in how you carry it. that’s what matters. pain is a feeling. your feelings are a part of you. your own reality. if you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. you should stand up for your right to feel your pain. | jim, life, morrison, pain, reality
where there is love there is life. | life, love
looking at him now-even if she hadn't been in love with him, that part of her that was her mother's daugher, that loved every beautiful thing for its beauty alone, would still have wanted him. | adoration, beauty, love, well-said
love is like the sea. it's a moving thing, but still and all, it takes its shape from the shore it meets, and it's different with every shore. | love
i would kiss you in the middle of the ocean during a lightning storm cuz i'd rather be left for﻿ dead than wondering what thunder sounds like. | andrea-gibson, love, poem, wasabi
it may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. but i think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect. | admiration, hermann-hesse, love, philosophy, respect, world
he didn't look like the same person who picked me up this morning. noah--sarcastic, distant, untouchable noah--cared. and that made him real. | love, noah-shaw
"oh, don't mind me,"" came an extremely sarcastic voice near the wall. “you two go ahead and make out–i'll just sit here and bleed quietly. | allie, humor, jackal, julie-kagawa, love, page-213, vampires, zeke"
i understood that as much as i had resisted the outside, as much as i had constricted my life, as much as i had closed and narrowed the channels into me, there were still many takers for the quiet heart. | love
a mighty pain to love it is,and 't is a pain that pain to miss;but of all pains, the greatest painit is to love, but love in vain. | love, unappreciated, unrequited-love, vain
in vain have i struggled. it will not do. my feelings will not be repressed. you must allow me to tell you how ardently i admire and love you. | love, mr-darcy
i will love you always. when this red hair is white, i will still love you. when the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, i will still want to touch your skin. when your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise i have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,i will treasure you all the more, because i was there to see it all. i will share your life with you, meredith, and i will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine. | inspirational, love, relationships
if i were to live a thousand years, i would belong to you for all of them. if we were to live a thousand lives, i would want to make you mine in each one. | love
you’ve changed me forever. and i’ll never forget you. | america, change, goodbye, love, maxon, relationship, sad, the-elite, the-selection
the best use of life is love. the best expression of love is time. the best time to love is now. | life, love, sacrifice, the-purpose-driven-life, time
i wanted a perfect ending. now i've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.delicious ambiguity. | ambiguity, life, stories, uncertainty, unpredictability
love heals scars love left | love
a warrior does not give up what he loves, he finds the love in what he does | give-up, love, warrior
the things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy. | hope, inspiration, inspirational, life, truth
nothing is more curious and awkward than the relationship of two people who only know each other with their eyes — who meet and observe each other daily, even hourly and who keep up the impression of disinterest either because of morals or because of a mental abnormality. between them there is listlessness and pent-up curiosity, the hysteria of an unsatisfied, unnaturally suppressed need for communion and also a kind of tense respect. because man loves and honors man as long as he is not able to judge him, and desire is a product of lacking knowledge. | friendship, life, love, romance
i think you can love a person too much.you put someone up on a pedestal, and all of a sudden, from that perspective, you notice what's wrong - a hair out of place, a run in a stocking, a broken bone. you spend all your time and energy making it right, and all the while, you are falling apart yourself. you don't even realize what you look like, how far you've deteriorated, because you only have eyes for someone else. | love, obsession
you are the most important thing to me now. the most important thing to me ever. | adoration, love
i've decided that i'm not going to try to squeeze myself into a friendship that hurts me anymore. i'm going to let her go and just be friends with people who make me feel good about myself. | friends, girl-online, love, online, self
you know that i could as soon forget you as my existence! | love
don't go far off, not even for a day,because i don't know how to say it - a day is longand i will be waiting for you, as inan empty station when the trains areparked off somewhere else, asleep.don't leave me, even for an hour, because thenthe little drops of anguish will all run together,the smoke that roams looking for a home will driftinto me, choking my lost heart.oh, may your silhouette never dissolveon the beach, may your eyelids never flutterinto the empty distance. don't leave me fora second, my dearest, because in that moment you'llhave gone so far i'll wander mazilyover all the earth, asking, will youcome back? will you leave me here, dying? | love, poetry, spanish
i'd shut the whole world down just to tell you | love
but i miss screamin' and fightin' and kissin' in the rain and it's 2 a.m. and i'm cursin' your name. you're so in love the you act insane, and that's the way i loved you. | insane, love, the-way-i-loved-you
he looked at her as a man might look at a faded flower he had plucked, in which it was difficult for him to trace the beauty that had made him pick and so destroy it | anna-karenina, despair, leo-tolstoy, love, sadness
what irritated me most in that entire situation was the fact that iwasn’t feeling humiliated, or annoyed, or even fooled. betrayal waswhat i felt, my heart broken not just by a guy i was in love with, butalso by, as i once believed, a true friend. | betrayal, cheating, love
i am the poet of the poor, because i was poor when i loved; since i could not give gifts, i gave words. | love, poetry, words
i was the lion who forced you to join with aravis. i was the cat who comforted you among the houses of the dead. i was the lion who drove the jackals from you while you slept. i was the lion who gave the horses the new strength of fear for the last mill so that you should reach king lune in time. and i was the lion you do not remember who pushed the boat in which you lay, a child near death, so that it came to shore where a man sat, wakeful at midnight, to receive you. | aslan, love, power
memory is a funny thing. when i was in the scene, i hardly paid it any mind. i never stopped to think of it as something that would make a lasting impression, certainly never imagined that eighteen years later i would recall it in such detail. i didn't give a damn about the scenery that day. i was thinking about myself. i was thinking about the beautiful girl walking next to me. i was thinking about the two of us together, and then about myself again. it was the age, that time of life when every sight, every feeling, every thought came back, like a boomerang, to me. and worse, i was in love. love with complications. the scenery was the last thing on my mind. | love, memory
love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does! | cake, inspirational, inspirational-life, inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, love, true-love
they are orphans again, with no true home but each other and whatever life they can make together on the other side of the sea. | love, sweet
i know we're not saints or virgins or lunatics; we know all the lust and lavatory jokes, and most of the dirty people; we can catch buses and count our change and cross the roads and talk real sentences. but our innocence goes awfully deep, and our discreditable secret is that we don't know anything at all, and our horrid inner secret is that we don't care that we don't. | companions, earthy, hope, innocence, love, optimism, partnership
people who meet in airports are seventy-two percent more likely to fall for each other than people who meet anywhere else. | airport, love, love-at-first-sight
"it's the most wonderful and terrible thing that can ever happen to you,"" she said simply. ""you know that you've found something amazing, and you want to hold on to it forever; and every second after you have it, you fear the moment you might lose it.""i sighed softly. she was absolutely right.love was beautiful fear. | love"
fear can’t be reasoned with. neither can hate. they’re like love. they’re almost identical emotions. that’s why ares and aphrodite like each other. their twin sons – fear and panic – were spawned from both war and love. | aphrodite, ares, fear, love, piper-mclean, wisdom
"i am surprised how difficult for people is to say ""i love you"". they only say the three magic words when they are sure they will hear ""i love you too"" back. c'mon! spread the energy of love without expecting anything! cowards are incapable of expressing love; it is the prerogative of the brave | love"
the room fell quiet. and as i read down the list of over one hundred and fifty eight-grade boys, i realized that to me, there had only ever been one boy. | bhie, bryce-loski, crush, flipped, julie-baker, love, there-had-only-been-you
but if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires:to melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.to know the pain of too much tenderness.to be wounded by your own understanding of love;and to bleed willingly and joyfully.to wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving;to rest at noon hour and meditate love's ecstasy;to return home at eventide with gratitude;and then to sleep with a prayer for the beloved in your heart and a song of praise on your lips. | desire, joy, love
i threw myself into that fire, threw myself into it, into him, and let myself burn. | feyre, fire, love, passion, tamlin
"happy birthday, alexander,"" magnus murmured.""thanks for remembering,"" alec whispered back. | alec, birthday, kiss, love, magnus, malec"
i don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all i know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. the one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. there's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? like dating? | dating, inspirational, inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, life, living, love, relationships, true-love
do you think, because i am poor, obscure, plain and little, i am soulless and heartless? you think wrong! - i have as much soul as you, - and full as much heart! and if god had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, i should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you! | charlotte-bronte, heart, heartbreak, jane-eyre, love, misconceptions, obscurity, parting, plainness, poverty, soul
she wasn't doing a thing that i could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together. | love
keep love in your heart. a life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. the consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring. | life, love, wealth-of-soul
christian, you are the state lottery, the cure for cancer, and the three wishes from aladdin's lamp all rolled into one | love
"it happens like this. ""one day you meet someone and for some inexplicable reason, you feel more connected to this stranger than anyone else--closer to them than your closest family. perhaps this person carries within them an angel--one sent to you for some higher purpose; to teach you an important lesson or to keep you safe during a perilous time. what you must do is trust in them--even if they come hand in hand with pain or suffering--the reason for their presence will become clear in due time.""though here is a word of warning--you may grow to love this person but remember they are not yours to keep. their purpose isn't to save you but to show you how to save yourself. and once this is fulfilled; the halo lifts and the angel leaves their body as the person exits your life. they will be a stranger to you once more.-------------------------------------------------it's so dark right now, i can't see any light around me. that's because the light is coming from you. you can't see it but everyone else can. | angels, beautiful, love, magic, saviour, soulmate, words"
true love is usually the most inconvenient kind. | inconvenient, love, relationship, true-love
i love you also means i love you more than anyone loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, i love you in a way that no one loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, i love you in a way that i love no one else, and never have loved anyone else, and never will love anyone else. | love
for my part, i prefer my heart to be broken. it is so lovely, dawn-kaleidoscopic within the crack. | broken-heart, d-h-lawrence, love, pomegranate
the purpose of relationship is not to have another who might complete you, but to have another with whom you might share your completeness. | love
oh lovers! be careful in those dangerous first days! once you've brought breakfast in bed you'll have to bring it forever, unless you want to be accused of lovelessness and betrayal. | love
she was the kind of girlfriend god gives you young, so you'll know loss the rest of your life. | loss, love
you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. | attributed-no-source, dreams, love, reality, sleep
i don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. if you're nice to me, i'll be nice to you. simple as that. | advice, kindness, leadership, love, management, people, respect, success
to love another human in all of her splendor and imperfect perfection , it is a magnificent task...tremendous and foolish and human. | humanity, imperfection, love
it is possible to be in love with you just because of who you are. | grace-brisbane, love, sam-roth, shiver
... i didn't fall in love of courseit's never up to youbut she was walking back and forthand i was passing through | falling-in-love, love
how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. | activism, life, optimism, philosophy, world
"how do you know when it's over?"" ""maybe when you feel more in love with your memories than with the person standing in front of you. | falling-out-of-love, i-love-you, i-need-you, love, maybe, memories, move-on, over, when, when-it-s-over"
holding eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. or a heartbeat. like holding something complete, and completely alive. | friendship, high-school, love, relationships, sweet, teenage-love
"when love beckons to you follow him, though his ways are hard and steep. and when his wings enfold you yield to him, though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you. and when he speaks to you believe in him, though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden. for even as love crowns you so shall he crucify you. even as he is for your growth so is he for your pruning. even as he ascends to your height and caresses your tenderest branches that quiver in the sun, so shall he descend to your roots and shake them in their clinging to the earth......but if in your fear you would seek only love's peace and love's pleasure, then it is better for you that you cover your nakedness and pass out of love's threshing-floor, into the seasonless world where you shall laugh, but not all of your laughter, and weep, but not all of your tears. love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself.love possesses not nor would it be possessed; for love is sufficient unto love. and think not you can direct the course of love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course. love has no other desire but to fulfil itself.""but if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires: to melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night. to know the pain of too much tenderness. to be wounded by your own understanding of love; and to bleed willingly and joyfully. | love, marriage"
"you are mistaken, mr. darcy, if you suppose that the mode of your declaration affected me in any other way, than as it spared the concern which i might have felt in refusing you, had you behaved in a more gentlemanlike manner."" (elizabeth bennett) | anger, behaviour, declaration, empowerment, gentlemanlike, gentlemen, humiliation, love, marriage-proposal, men, mr-darcy, pride, proposal, propriety, refusal, rejection, scorn, self-determination, women"
if love is blind, then maybe a blind person that loves has a greater understanding of it. | beauty, blind, blindness, contemplation, inner-beauty, love, relationship, seeing, shallowness, thought-provoking, true-love, unconditional-love
"people have forgotten this truth,"" the fox said. ""but you mustn’t forget it. you become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. you’re responsible for your rose. | friendship, love, responsibility"
i miss him in so many ways, but right now i miss him in the way you always miss someone when you're single among a room full of couples. | baby-proof, claudia, emily-giffin, love
i don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer. | humor, life, sex
love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess. | babies, change, humor, love, parents
my father gave me a ruined boy to compensate for the fact that he does not love me. the boy is fragile, broken—broke himself—broke everything.i asked him why he did it. he said because the world was unlivable. he said it was unlovable, but i think he meant himself. i think he meant that loneliness is sometimes painful.i curl against him, tuck my head beneath his chin and listen to his heart. it says stay and wait. it says regret. he knows what it is to want love, a love so fierce you grow roots. i hear his heart say please. he went looking for angels and found me instead, girl of the sorrows, sad but not sorry. i waited for a sign, a star to fall. he reached for a knife and drew branches. | boy, broken, love, suicide
"no matter how old you are now. you are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages1) helen keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. but that didn’t stop her. she was the first deaf and blind person to earn a bachelor of arts degree.2) mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5.3) shirley temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “bright eyes.”4) anne frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of anne frank.5) magnus carlsen became a chess grandmaster at the age of 13.6) nadia comăneci was a gymnast from romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the olympics at age 14.7) tenzin gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th dalai lama in november 1950, at the age of 15.8) pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with brazil.9) elvis was a superstar by age 19.10) john lennon was 20 years and paul mcartney was 18 when the beatles had their first concert in 1961.11) jesse owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in berlin 1936.12) beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 2313) issac newton wrote philosophiæ naturalis principia mathematica at age 2414) roger bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record15) albert einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity16) lance e. armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de france 17) michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “david” and “pieta” by age 2818) alexander the great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world19) j.k. rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of harry potter20) amelia earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ocean21) oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind22) edmund hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach mount everest23) martin luther king jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “i have a dream.""24) marie curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a nobel prize in physics 25) the wright brothers, orville (32) and wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight26) vincent van gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions.27) neil armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon.28) mark twain was 40 when he wrote ""the adventures of tom sawyer"", and 49 years old when he wrote ""adventures of huckleberry finn""29) christopher columbus was 41 when he discovered the americas30) rosa parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger31) john f. kennedy was 43 years old when he became president of the united states32) henry ford was 45 when the ford t came out.33) suzanne collins was 46 when she wrote ""the hunger games""34) charles darwin was 50 years old when his book on the origin of species came out.35) leonardo da vinci was 51 years old when he painted the mona lisa.36) abraham lincoln was 52 when he became president.37) ray kroc was 53 when he bought the mcdonalds franchise and took it to unprecedented levels.38) dr. seuss was 54 when he wrote ""the cat in the hat"".40) chesley ""sully"" sullenberger iii was 57 years old when he successfully ditched us airways flight 1549 in the hudson river in 2009. all of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived41) colonel harland sanders was 61 when he started the kfc franchise42) j.r.r tolkien was 62 when the lord of the ring books came out43) ronald reagan was 69 when he became president of the us44) jack lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats45) nelson mandela was 76 when he became president | age, confidence, discipline, effort, excuses, failure, faith, isnpiration, love, motivation, olympics, opportunities, opportunity, president, success"
life is slippery. we all need a loving hand to hold onto. | love
the only things i regret, and the only things i'll ever regret are things i didn't do. in the end, that's what we mourn. the paths we didn't take. the people we didn't touch. | love, mourn, regret
i shouldn't have to be a liar to make someone love me. i shouldn't be so afraid of losing someone that i'll do anything to make them stay. | love
you’re sorry? i damn near drank myself to death, i could barely get out of bed, i shattered my phone into a million pieces on new year’s eve to keep from calling you … and you’re sorry?”i bit my lip and nodded, ashamed. i had no idea what he’d been through, and hearing his say the words made sharp pain twist inside my chest. “i’m so … so sorry.”“you’re forgiven,” he said with a grin. “don’t ever do it again.”“i won’t. i promise.”he flashed his dimple and shook his head. “i fucking love you. | abby-abernathy, beautiful-disaster, forgiven, jamie-mcguire, love, sweet, travis-maddox
it was a dream, not a nightmare, a beautiful dream i could never imagine in a thousand nods. there was a girl next to me who wasn't beautiful until she smiled and i felt that smile come at me in heat waves following, soaking through my body and out my finger tips in shafts of color and i knew somewhere in the world, somewhere, that there was love for me. | love
get busy living or get busy dying. | life
it is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. that is true, it's called life. | death, humor, life
waiting is erotic | erotism, love, romance
i know we're fucked up, alright? i'm impulsive, and hot tempered, and you get under my skin like no one else. you act like you hate me one minute, and then need me the next. i never get anything right, and i don't deserve you...but i fucking love you, abby. i love you more than i loved anyone or anything ever. when you're around, i don't need booze, or money, or the fighting, or the one-night stands... | love
"i've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. at first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. the next day you want more. you're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.you think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. but then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. if he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. and just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love.""- by the river piedra i sat down and wept | inspiration, life, life-lessons, love, paulo-coelho"
parents were the only ones obligated to love you from the rest of the world you had to earn it. | agape, family, life, love, unconditional-love
were you always such a stubborn, blind, obtuse girl?”“are you calling me stupid?”“yes, but in a more poetic way!”“well, here’s a poem for you. get lost! | humor, love, romance
true love is the best thing in the world, except for cough drops. | cough-drops, love, true-love
if we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. | compassion, connecting, humanity, inspirational, love, sharing
"nice costume,"" he said. ""ditto. i can tell you put a lot of thought into yours.""amusement curled his mouth. ""if you don't like it, i can take it off. | becca-fitzpatrick, finale, funny, hush-hush, love, nora-grey, patch-and-nora, patch-cipriano, sweet"
a man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her. | love, man, woman
hate looks like everybody else until it smiles | dystopia, hate, inspirational, love, shatter-me, young-adult
i want you to knowone thing. you know how this is: if i look at the crystal moon, at the red branch of the slow autumn at my window, if i touch near the fire the impalpable ash or the wrinkled body of the log, everything carries me to you, as if everything that exists, aromas, light, metals, were little boats that sail toward those isles of yours that wait for me. well, now, if little by little you stop loving me i shall stop loving you little by little. if suddenly you forget me do not look for me, for i shall already have forgotten you. if you think it long and mad, the wind of banners that passes through my life, and you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where i have roots, remember that on that day, at that hour, i shall lift my arms and my roots will set off to seek another land. but if each day, each hour, you feel that you are destined for me with implacable sweetness, if each day a flower climbs up to your lips to seek me, ah my love, ah my own, in me all that fire is repeated, in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten, my love feeds on your love, beloved, and as long as you live it will be in your arms without leaving mine. | inspirational, love, poetry
in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life: it goes on. | life
this life is what you make it. no matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. but the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. but just remember, some come, some go. the ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. don't let go of them. also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. as for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. and baby, i hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. you'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. | attributed-no-source, friends, heartbreak, inspirational, life, love, sisters
i love you not only for what you are, but for what i am when i am with you | love
weeping is not the same thing as crying. it takes your whole body to weep, and when it's over, you feel like you don't have any bones left to hold you up. | crying, death, lost, love, tragedy, weeping
i don't want to know about love.''but you should, my child. you need to know about love. the things people will do for love. all truths come down to love, do they not? one way or another, they do. see, there is a difference between love and need. sometimes, what you feel is immediate and without rhyme or reason.' she sat up a little straighter. 'two people see each across a room or their skin brushes. their souls recognize the person as their own. it doesn’t need time to figure it. the soul always knows... whether it’s right or wrong. | love
i don't know what you think of me. and you certainly would never picture us together. but probably peanut butter was just peanut butter for a long time, before someone ever thought of pairing it with jelly. and there was salt, but it started to taste better when there was pepper. and what's the point of butter without bread? (why are all these examples of foods?!!?!?!?!?!?!) anyway by myself i'm nothing special. but with you i could be. | love
transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you. | anger, frustration, healing, life, love, truth, wisdom
and yet her name was like a summons to all my foolish blood. | araby, irish_short_stories, love
the end of a relationship is not always a failure. sometimes all the love in the world is not enough to save something. in these cases, it is not a matter of fault from either person. some things cannot be, it's as simple as that. | failure, fault, goodbyes, love, relationships
right then, i wanted to go back in time and relive every moment with him. one more secret smile, one more shared laugh. one more electric kiss. finding him was like finding someone i didn't know i was searching for. he’d come into my life too late, and now was leaving too soon. i remembered him telling me he’d give up everything for me. he already had. | love
i love the lord, for he heard my voice; he heard my cry for mercy. because he turned his ear to me, i will call on him as long as i live. (psalms 116:1-2 niv) | bible, cry, god, jesus-christ, life, live, love, mercy, truth, voice
time expands, then contracts, all in tune with the stirrings of the heart. | love, time
i know enough to know that no woman should ever marry a man who hated his mother. | ernest-hemingway, feminism, hate, love, marriage, married-life, matrimony, men, mothers, psychology, relationships, sons, women
if it's ka it'll come like a wind, and your plans will stand before it no more than a barn before a cyclone | cyclone, fate, ka, love, roland, stephen-king, susan, susan-delgado, wind, wizard-and-glass
"love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. and when it subsides, you have to make a decision. you have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. because this is what love is. love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion, it is not the desire to mate every second minute of the day, it is not lying awake at night imagining that he is kissing every cranny of your body. no, don't blush, i am telling you some truths. that is just being ""in love"", which any fool can do. love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident. | love"
love like rain, can nourish from above, drenching couples with soaking joy. but sometimes, under the angry heat of life, love dries on the surface and must nourish from below, tending to its roots, keeping itself alive. | lessons, love
to love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult. | humor, inspirational, love, truth
know that love is truly timeless. | love, romance, time-travel, trust
how could i have been so ignorant? she thinks. so stupid, so unseeing, so given over to carelessness. but without such ignorance, such carelessness, how could we live? if you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. you'd be as ruined as god. you'd be a stone. you'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. you'd never love anyone, ever again. you'd never dare to. | carelessness, despair, ignorance, insight, loneliness, love, sorrow, wisdom
often men who have been emotionally neglected and abused as children by dominating mothers bond with assertive women, only to have their childhood feelings of being engulfed surface. while they could not 'smash their mommy' and still receive love, they find that they can engage in intimate violence with partners who respond to their acting out by trying harder to connect with them emotionally, hoping that the love offered in the present will heal the wounds of the past. if only one party in the relationship is working to create love, to create the space of emotional connection, the dominator model remains in place and the relationship just becomes a site for continuous power struggle. | abuse, equality, love, men, power, relationships, women
love is a striking example of how little reality means to us. | love
one cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. | food, love
i dreamed i spoke in another's language,i dreamed i lived in another's skin,i dreamed i was my own beloved,i dreamed i was a tiger's kin.i dreamed that eden lived inside me,and when i breathed a garden came,i dreamed i knew all of creation,i dreamed i knew the creator's name.i dreamed--and this dream was the finest--that all i dreamed was real and true,and we would live in joy forever,you in me, and me in you. | inspirational, love, poetry
and maybe that was love. being so vulnerable and allowing someone else in so far they could hurt you, but they also give you everything. | hurt, love, vulnerability
people always say that, when you love someone, nothing in the world matters. but that's not true, is it? you know, and i know, that when you love someone, everything in the world matters a little bit more. | love
we come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. | learn, love, perfect, person
i pray you, do not fall in love with me, for i am falser than vows made in wine. | love, wine
people die. love endures. | love
"when you are old""when you are old and grey and full of sleep, and nodding by the fire, take down this book, and slowly read, and dream of the soft look your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep; how many loved your moments of glad grace, and loved your beauty with love false or true, but one man loved the pilgrim soul in you, and loved the sorrows of your changing face; and bending down beside the glowing bars, murmur, a little sadly, how love fled and paced upon the mountains overhead and hid his face amid a crowd of stars. | age, loss, love"
you know all that sympathy that you feel for an abused child who suffers without a good mom or dad to love and care for them? well, they don't stay children forever. no one magically becomes an adult the day they turn eighteen. some people grow up sooner, many grow up later. some never really do. but just remember that some people in this world are older versions of those same kids we cry for. | abuse, children, depression, kids, love, parents, sadness
the truth was, he now belonged only to my past, and it was time i begin to accept it, as much as it hurt to do so. | hurt, letting-go, love
let me not to the marriage of true minds admit impediments. love is not love which alters when it alteration finds, or bends with the remover to remove. o no, it is an ever-fixed mark that looks on tempests and is never shaken; it is the star to every wand'ring barque, whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. love's not time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks within his bending sickle's compass come; love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, but bears it out even to the edge of doom. if this be error and upon me proved, i never writ, nor no man ever loved. | love, poetry, shakespeare
never give all the heart, for lovewill hardly seem worth thinking ofto passionate women if it seemcertain, and they never dreamthat it fades out from kiss to kiss;for everything that's lovely isbut a brief, dreamy, kind delight.o never give the heart outright,for they, for all smooth lips can say,have given their hearts up to the play.and who could play it well enoughif deaf and dumb and blind with love?he that made this knows all the cost,for he gave all his heart and lost. | acting, heartbreak, in-the-seven-woods, loss, love, never-give-all-the-heart, passion, play, w-b-yeats, william-butler-yeats, yeats
the fact is…i’m in love with you, and i have been for some time. | love, romance
true love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion. | inspirational, love
"i’ve met a man and fallen in love with him. i allowed myself to fall in love for one simple reason: i’m not expecting anything to come of it. i know that, in three months’ time, i’ll be far away and he’ll be just a memory, but i couldn’t stand living without love any longer; i had reached my limit…	generally speaking, these meetings occur when we reach a limit, when we need to die and be reborn emotionally. these meeting are waiting for us, but more often than not, we avoid them happening. if we are desperate, though, if we have nothing to lose, or if we are full of enthusiasm for life, then the unknown reveals itself, and our universe changes directions. | love, youth"
mine was the twilight and the morning. mine was a world of rooftops and love songs. | love, love-songs, morning, paris, quote, roman-payne, romance, rooftop-soliloquy, rooftops, twilight
you teach me now how cruel you've been - cruel and false. why did you despise me? why did you betray your own heart, cathy? i have not one word of comfort. you deserve this. you have killed yourself. yes, you may kiss me, and cry; and wring out my kisses and tears: they'll blight you - they'll damn you. you loved me - what right had you to leave me? what right - answer me - for the poor fancy you felt for linton? because misery, and degradation, and death, and nothing that god or satan could inflict would have parted us, you, of your own will did it. i have no broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine. so much the worse for me that i am strong. do i want to live? what kind of living will it be when you - oh, god! would you like to lie with your soul in the grave? | betrayal, heartbreak, love
i haven’t been very impressed lately.by people,or places,or the way someone said he loved me and then slowly changed his mind. | alone, breaking-up, change, charlotte-eriksson, growing-up, heart-break, impressed, life, love, mind, moving-on, people, places, poetry, prose, the-glass-child, youth
to love means loving the unlovable. to forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. faith means believing the unbelievable. hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. | faith, forgiveness, hope, inspirational, love
until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened. | animals, love, pets
love is a drama of contradictions. | love
live your truth. express your love. share your enthusiasm. take action towards your dreams. walk your talk. dance and sing to your music. embrace your blessings. make today worth remembering. | action, blessings, carpe-diem, dance, enthusiasm, express, inspiration, live, love, motivation, music, share, sing, talk, truth, walk
what are you wishing for?' grace interrupted. 'to kiss you,' i said to her. | love
declarations of love amuse me. especially when unrequited. | clary-fray, jace-wayland, love
i had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me. | life, light, love
a thousand half-loves must be forsaken to take one whole heart home. | love
someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. you'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing... | heartbreak, love, mourning
when it's gone, you'll know what a gift love was. you'll suffer like this. so go back and fight to keep it. | lost-love, love
i know what i have given you... i do not know what you have received. | giving, love, sharing, trade, trading
i am my heart’s undertaker. daily i go and retrieve its tattered remains, place them delicately into its little coffin, and bury it in the depths of my memory, only to have to do it all again tomorrow. | heart, love, melancholy
she put one hand on mine. “when someone is in your heart, they’re never truly gone. they can come back to you, even at unlikely times. | heart, love
a couple of times in your life, it happens like that. you meet a stranger, and all you know is that you need to know everything about him. | love, sugar-daddy
to love someone means to see them as god intended them. | love
the eye through which i see god is the same eye through which god sees me; my eye and god's eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love. | eyes, god, knowledge, love, medieval, mysticism, religious-experience, seeing, understanding, vision
like time suspended, a wound unmended-- you and i.  we had no ending, no said goodbye;  for all my life, i'll wonder why. | closure, love
...despite the mayhem that followed, bruno found that he was still holding shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go. | death, friendship, holocaust, inspirational, life, love, tear-jerker, wwii-fiction
language is the key to the heart of people. | ahmed, ahmed-deedat, arabic, christian, culture, deedat, english, harmony, heart, hindu, islam, key, language, literature, love, muslims, non-muslim, peace, people, religion
i meant it when i said i didn’t believe in love at first sight. it takes time to really, truly fall for someone. yet i believe in a moment. a moment when you glimpse the truth within someone, and they glimpse the truth within you. in that moment, you don’t belong to yourself any longer, not completely. part of you belongs to him; part of him belongs to you. after that, you can’t take it back, no matter how much you want to, no matter how hard you try. | love, love-at-first-sight, love-quotes
don't touch me | vladimir nabokov, lolita
love as thou wilt | love
it seems to me that our three basic needs, for food and security and love, are so mixed and mingled and entwined that we cannot straightly think of one without the others. so it happens that when i write of hunger, i am really writing about love and the hunger for it, and warmth and the love of it and the hunger for it… and then the warmth and richness and fine reality of hunger satisfied… and it is all one. | food, love
if i love you more than you love me, i’m as good as dead. yet i can’t make myself take it back. i can’t just walk away from you, because every time you pass by me without smiling, without touching my hand, or at least making eye contact, it feels like i’m dying inside. | heartbreak, jace-hammond, love
the fate of your heart is your choice and no one else gets a vote | love
for she had eyes and chose me. | beauty, eyes, looks, love, love-story, lovers
"i think everything that happened in idris-valentine, max, hodge, even sebastian-i kept shoving it all down, trying to forget, but it's catching up with me. i... i'll get help. i'll get better. i promise."" ""you promise.""""i swear on the angel."" he ducked his head down, kissed her cheek.""the hell with that. i swear on us. | clary-fray, jace-wayland, love, oath"
i am two fools, i know,for loving, and for saying so. | love, poetry
the best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back. | character, life, wisdom
sometimes i turn around and catch the smell of you and i cannot go on i cannot fucking go on without expressing this terrible so fucking awful physical aching fucking longing i have for you. and i cannot believe that i can feel this for you and you feel nothing. do you feel nothing? | 4-48-psychosis, ache, love, sadnes
calling it a simple schoolgirl crush was like saying a rolls-royce was a vehicle with four wheels, something like a hay-wagon. she did not giggle wildly and blush when she saw him, nor did she chalk his name on trees or write it on the walls of the kissing bridge. she simply lived with his face in her heart all the time, a kind of sweet, hurtful ache. she would have died for him.. | love, mania
love is too precious to be ashamed of. | happiness, inspirational, love, prejudice, romance
but what can be done, the one who loves must share the fate of the one he loves. | devotion, fate, love
sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love | desire, loneliness, love, lust, passion, sex
i loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of. | love
there is one friend in the life of each of us who seems not a separate person, however dear and beloved, but an expansion, an interpretation, of one's self, the very meaning of one's soul. | friendship, love, meaning, soul, soul-mate
i recall certain moments, let us call them icebergs in paradise, when after having had my fill of her –after fabulous, insane exertions that left me limp and azure-barred–i would gather her in my arms with, at last, a mute moan of human tenderness (her skin glistening in the neon light coming from the paved court through the slits in the blind, her soot-black lashes matted, her grave gray eyes more vacant than ever–for all the world a little patient still in the confusion of a drug after a major operation)–and the tenderness would deepen to shame and despair, and i would lull and rock my lone light lolita in my marble arms, and moan in her warm hair, and caress her at random and mutely ask her blessing, and at the peak of this human agonized selfless tenderness (with my soul actually hanging around her naked body and ready to repent), all at once, ironically, horribly, lust would swell again–and 'oh, no,' lolita would say with a sigh to heaven, and the next moment the tenderness and the azure–all would be shattered. | beautiful, brutal, descriptive, feelings, love, lust, romance, sex
darkness may hide the treesand the flowers from the eyesbut it cannot hidelove from the soul. | love
for awhile, i thought that was love.-gaara | gaara, love, naruto, thought
he promised her that he would give her everything, everything she wanted, as men in love always do. and she trusted him despite herself, as women in love always do. | love
clare, i want to tell you, again, i love you. our love has been the thread through the labyrinth, the net under the high-wire walker, the only real thing in this strange life of mine that i could ever trust. tonight i feel that my love for you has more density in this world than i do, myself: as though it could linger on after me and surround you, keep you, hold you. | love
love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning. | love
in the slaughterhouse of love, they kill only the best, none of the weak or deformed. don't run away from this dying. whoever's not killed for love is dead meat. | love
the saddest thing about love, joe, is that not only the love cannot last forever, but even the heartbreak is soon forgotten. | heartbreak, love, soldier-s-pay
to the people who love you, you are beautiful already. this is not because they’re blind to your shortcomings but because they so clearly see your soul. your shortcomings then dim by comparison. the people who care about you are willing to let you be imperfect and beautiful, too. (20) | beautiful, beauty, flawed, imperfect, love, self-love, soul
lately i can't help wanting usto be like other people.for example, if i were a smoker,you'd lift a match to the cigarettejust as i put it between my lips.it's never been like thatbetween us: none of thateasy chemistry, no quick, half automaticflares. everything between ushad to be learned.saturday finds me broodingbehind my book, all my fantasiesof seduction run upagainst the rocks.tell me againwhy you don't likesex in the afternoon?no, don't tell me--i'll never understand younever understand us, america's strangestloving couple: they neverdrink a bottle of wine togetherand rarely look at each other.into each other's eyes, i mean. | couples, life, love, passion, relationships, romance
"when god created mothers""when the good lord was creating mothers, he was into his sixth day of ""overtime"" when the angel appeared and said. ""you're doing a lot of fiddling around on this one."" and god said, ""have you read the specs on this order?"" she has to be completely washable, but not plastic. have 180 moveable parts...all replaceable. run on black coffee and leftovers. have a lap that disappears when she stands up. a kiss that can cure anything from a broken leg to a disappointed love affair. and six pairs of hands."" the angel shook her head slowly and said. ""six pairs of hands.... no way."" it's not the hands that are causing me problems,"" god remarked, ""it's the three pairs of eyes that mothers have to have."" that's on the standard model?"" asked the angel. god nodded. one pair that sees through closed doors when she asks, 'what are you kids doing in there?' when she already knows. another here in the back of her head that sees what she shouldn't but what she has to know, and of course the ones here in front that can look at a child when he goofs up and say. 'i understand and i love you' without so much as uttering a word."" god,"" said the angel touching his sleeve gently, ""get some rest tomorrow...."" i can't,"" said god, ""i'm so close to creating something so close to myself. already i have one who heals herself when she is sick...can feed a family of six on one pound of hamburger...and can get a nine year old to stand under a shower."" the angel circled the model of a mother very slowly. ""it's too soft,"" she sighed. but tough!"" said god excitedly. ""you can imagine what this mother can do or endure."" can it think?"" not only can it think, but it can reason and compromise,"" said the creator. finally, the angel bent over and ran her finger across the cheek. there's a leak,"" she pronounced. ""i told you that you were trying to put too much into this model."" it's not a leak,"" said the lord, ""it's a tear."" what's it for?"" it's for joy, sadness, disappointment, pain, loneliness, and pride."" you are a genius, "" said the angel. somberly, god said, ""i didn't put it there. | children, family, humor, love, mothers, mothers-day, sadness"
prayer for lovethank you, creator of the universe for the gift of life you have given me,thank you for giving me everything that i have ever needed,thank you for the opportunity to experience this beautiful body and this wonderful mind,thank you for living inside me with all your love and your pure and boundless spirit,with your warm and radiating light.thank you for using my words, for using my eyes, for using my heart to share your love wherever i go.i love you just the way you are and because i am your creation, i love myself just the way i am.help me to keep the love and the peace in my heart and to make that love a new way of life, that i may live in love the rest of my life.amen. | love, prayer
one should always be in love. that's the reason one should never marry. | humor, love, marriage
the world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater. | hope, inspirational, love
the first stab of love is like a sunset, a blaze of color -- oranges, pearly pinks, vibrant purples... | beauty, colors, first-love, love, sunset
all any of us wanted, really, was to know that we counted. that someone else's life would not have been as rich without us here. | life, love, meaning
and when her lips met mine, i knew that i could live to be a hundred and visit every country in the world, but nothing would ever compare to that single moment when i first kissed the girl of my dreams and knew that my love would last forever. | bestseller, love, nicholas-sparks, north-carolina, novel
man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it. | love, relationships
one of the reasons why we crave love, and seek it so desperately, is that love is the only cure for loneliness, and shame, and sorrow. but some feelings sink so deep into the heart that only loneliness can help you find them again. some truths about yourself are so painful that only shame can help you live with them. and some things are just so sad that only your soul can do the crying for you. | love
she fit her head under his chin, and he could feel her weight settle into him. he held her tight and words spilled out of him without prior composition. and this time he made no effort to clamp them off. he told her about the first time he had looked on the back of her neck as she sat in the church pew. of the feeling that had never let go of him since. he talked to her of the great waste of years between then and now. a long time gone. and it was pointless, he said, to think how those years could have been put to better use, for he could hardly have put them to worse. there was no recovering them now. you could grieve endlessly for the loss of time and the damage done therein. for the dead, and for your own lost self. but what the wisdom of the ages says is that we do well not to grieve on and on. and those old ones knew a thing or two and had some truth to tell, inman said, for you can grieve your heart out and in the end you are still where you are. all your grief hasn't changed a thing. what you have lost will not be returned to you. it will always be lost. you're left with only your scars to mark the void. all you can choose to do is go on or not. but if you go on, it's knowing you carry your scars with you. nevertheless, over all those wasted years, he had held in his mind the wish to kiss her on the back of her neck, and now he had done it. there was a redemption of some kind, he believed, in such complete fulfillment of a desire so long deferred. | grief, love, separation, war
tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you. | humor, life, memoir, truth
they kissed for the first time then in the cold spring rain, though neither one of them now knew that it was raining. tristran's heart pounded in his chest as if it was not big enough to contain all the joy that it held. he opened his eyes as he kissed the star. her sky-blue eyes stared back into his, and in her eyes he could see no parting from her. | fairy-tale, kiss, love
does he treat you with respect at all times? that's the first question. the second question is, if he is the exact same person twenty years from now that he is today, would you still want to marry him? and finally, does he inspire to be a better person? you find someone you can answer yes to all three, then you've found a good man. | colleen-hoover, inspirational-love, love, questions, slammed
if i never see you again i will always carry youinsideoutsideon my fingertipsand at brain edgesand in centerscentersof what i am ofwhat remains. | letters, love, relationships
it can be difficult to leave a long-term relationship, even when our inner-wisdom tells us it's time to let go. at this point, we can choose let go and endure the intense pain of leaving behind the familiar to make way for a new chapter in our life. or we can stay and suffer a low-grade pain that slowly eats away at our heart and soul, like an emotional cancer. until we wake up, one day and realize, we are buried so deep in the dysfunction of the relationship that we scarcely remember who we were and what we wanted and needed to be. | breaking-up, ending-bad-relationships, ending-unhealthy-relationships, intimacy, letting-go, love, relationships, wisdom, wise-words
people accuse me of falling in love easily. it just means that i'm able to see the beauty in most of the people who cross paths with me and i appreciate it for what it is and also for what it isn't. love is imperfect. falling for someone's flaws is just as necessary as falling for their strengths. and people like myself, who fall into love easily, are sometimes the loneliest souls around at the end of the day. | beauty, falling-in-love, flaws, imperfection, loneliness, love, passion, people, souls, strength
love is happiness, but only when you believe it will last forever. even though every time it turns out to be a lie, it’s only faith that gives love its strength and its joy. | among-his-own-kind, faith, love
he loved her for being so beautiful, and he hated her for it. he loved how she put shiny stuff on her lips for him, and he also reviled her for it. he wanted her to walk home alone, and he wanted to run after her and grab her up before she could take another step. | love, passion
if you claim to be a real friend then be real in your soul. if you claim to be fake then be an enemy instead. | enemy, friendship, love
we are born in one day. we die in one day. we can change in one day. and we can fall in love in one day. anything can happen in just one day. | death, life, love, one-day
"we're staying together,"" he promised. ""you're not getting away from me. never again. | annabeth-chase, emotion, heartbreak, love, percy-jackson"
did i really want to stay on this road longer, knowing it was only going to end in devastation? | heartbreak, hurt, love, nora, nora-grey, patch
i think you still love me, but we can’t escape the fact that i’m not enough for you. i knew this was going to happen. so i’m not blaming you for falling in love with another woman. i’m not angry, either. i should be, but i’m not. i just feel pain. a lot of pain. i thought i could imagine how much this would hurt, but i was wrong. | breakup, infidelity, love, pain, relationships
you are what happiness means to me. and i would rather have today with you than forever with anyone else. | love, mara-dyer, retribution-of-mara-dyer, romance
and besides . . . i don’t want to leave you. er, you guys.”he smiled, and it lit up his whole face. “well, ‘we’ are certainly happy to hear that. oh, and i’m also happy to watch our darling little love child dragon while you’re in st. louis.”i grinned back. | adrian-ivashkov, awww, contentment, conversation, humor, love, marrieds-tbh, otp, relationship, sydney-sage
marriage is not a process for prolonging the life of love, sir. it merely mummifies its corpse. | blandness, humor, lack-of-feeling, love, lovelessness, marriage, married-life, matrimony, sarcasm
just in case you ever foolishly forget | virginia woolf, selected diaries
in real life, love has to be possible. even if it is not returned right away, love can only survive when the hope exists that you will be able to win over the person you desire. | love
he is the cheese to my macaroni. | couples, love
thus with my lips have i denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.it was love lashed by its own self that spoke. it was pride half slain that fluttered in the dust. it was my hunger for your love that raged from the housetop, while my own love, kneeling in silence, prayed your forgiveness. | betrayal, forgiveness, love, pride
the most introspective of souls are often those that have been hurt the most. | dreamers, insecure, introspection, introverts, like-minded, love, overthinkers, romantics, sensitive, souls
love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year. | autumn, encourage, fall, inspirational, life, love, nature, trees
of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'it might have been. | life, words
my shoulder will never be the same. i expect you to nurse me back to health. | cassandra-clare, city-of-bones, entertainment, funny, humor, jace-wayland, love, mortal-instruments
there was beauty in the idea of freedom, but it was an illusion. every human heart was chained by love. | freedom, lady-midnight, life, love, mark-blackthorn
love is what moves the world, i've always thought...it is the only thing which allows men and women to stand in a world where gravity always seems to want to pull them down...bring them low...and make them crawl... | love
when you really love someone, you see all their mess and their brokenness and you love them anyway. in fact, seeing all of that sort of makes you love them more. | broken, love
when you meet someone so different from yourself, in a good way, you don't even have to kiss to have fireworks go off. it's like fireworks in your heart all the time. i always wondered, do opposites really attract? now i know for sure they do. i'd grown up going to the library as often as most people go to the grocery store. jackson didn't need to read about exciting people or places. he went out and found them, or created excitement himself if there wasn't any to be found. the things i like are pretty simple. burning cds around themes, like songs to get you groove on and tunes to fix a broken heart; watching movies; baking cookies; and swimming. it's like i was a salad with a light vinaigrette, and jackson was a platter of seafood cajun pasta. alone, we were good. together, we were fantastic. | love, opposites, together
don't be afraid to lose him, because if a man truly loves you, he's not going anywhere | love
there are all kinds of ways for a relationship to be tested, even broken, some, irrevocably; it’s the endings we’re unprepared for. | grief, heartbreak, infidelity, love, relationships, trust
"well?"" ron said finally, looking up at harry. ""how was it?""harry considered it for a moment. ""wet,"" he said truthfully.ron made a noise that might have indicated jubilation or disgust, it was hard to tell.""because she was crying,"" harry continued heavily.""oh,"" said ron, his smile faded slightly. ""are you that bad at kissing?""""dunno,"" said harry, who hadn't considered this, and immediately felt rather worried. ""maybe i am. | dating, harry-potter, kiss, love, ron-weasley"
choose your love. love your choice. | choices, love
when you start to really know someone, all his physical characteristics start to disappear. you begin to dwell in his energy, recognize the scent of his skin. you see only the essence of the person, not the shell. that's why you can't fall in love with beauty. you can lust after it, be infatuated by it, want to own it. you can love it with your eyes and body but not your heart. and that's why, when you really connect with a person's inner self, any physical imperfections disappear, become irrelevant. | beauty, love
i would never let anyone else borrow my heart if i know there’s a chance in hell you might want it back. | love
the truth was...he was in love with her. totally over-the-line, no-going-back, not-even-dead-would-he-part kind of shit. | john-matthew, love, obsession
i think if i've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. powerful stuff. | faith, friends, friendship, love
"except fang. i glared at him. ""go on, try to stop me, i dare you."" it was like the old days when we used to wrestle, each trying to get the better of the other. i was ready to take him down, my hands curled into fist. ""i was just going to say be careful,"" fang told me. he stepped closer and brushed some hair out of my eyes. ""and i've got your back."" he motioned with his head toward the torpedo chamber. oh my god. it hit me like a tsunami then, how perfect he was for me, how no one else would ever, could ever, be so perfect for me, how he was everything i could possibly hope for, as a friend, boyfriend, maybe even more. he was it for me. there would be no more looking. i really, really loved him, with a whole new kind of love i'd never felt before, something that made every other kind of love i'd ever felt feel washed out and wimpy in comparison. i loved him with every cell in my body, every thought in my head, every feather in my wings, every breathe in my lungs. and air sacs. too bad i was going out to face almost certain death. right there in front of everyone, i threw my arms around his neck and smashed my mouth against his. he was startled for a second, then his strong arms wrapped around me so tightly i could hardly breathe. ""zomg,"" i heard nudge whisper, but still fang and i kissed slanting our heads this way and that to get closer. i could have stood there and kissed him happily for the next millennium, but angel, or what was left of her was still out there in the could dark ocean. reluctantly, i ended the kiss, took a step back. fang's obsidian eyes were glittering brightly and his stoic face had a look of wonder on it.""gotta go,"" i said quietly. a half smile quirked his mouth. ""yeah. hurry back."" i nodded and he stepped out of the air lock chamber, keeping his eyes fixed on me, memorizing me as he hit the switch that sealed the chamber. the doors hissed shut with a kind of finality, and i realized that my heart was beating so hard it felt like it was going to start snapping ribs. i was scared. i was crazily, deeply, incredibly, joyously, terrifyingly in love. i was on a death mission. before my head simply exploded from so much emotion, i hit the large button that pressurized the air lock enough for the doors to open to the ocean outside. i really, really hoped that i would prove somewhat uncrushable, like angel did. the door cracked open below me and i saw the first dark glint of frigid water. | fang, love, maximu-ride"
"day leans in toward me. he reaches up to touch my face. i can tell it still hurts him to use his fingers, and his nails are dark with dried blood. ""you're brilliant,"" he says. ""but you're a fool to stay wish someone like me.""i close my eyes at the touch of his hand. ""then we're both fools. | care, cute, love"
actually that’s my secret — i can’t even talk about you to anybody because i don’t want any more people to know how wonderful you are. | love
"it's all right,"" said wolf. ""you loved her. i would feel the same if someone wanted to erase scarlet's identity and give it to levana's army.scarlet stiffened, heat rushing into her cheeks. he certainly wasn't insinuating . . .""aaaaw,"" squealed iko. ""did wolf just say that he loves scarlet? that's so cute!""scarlet cringed. ""he did not--that wasn't--"" she balled her fists against her sides. ""can we get back to these soldiers that are being rounded up, please?""""is she blushing? she sounds like she's blushing.""""she's blushing,"" thorne confirmed, shuffling the cards. ""actually, wolf is also looking a little flustered-- | iko, love, lunar-chronicles, scarlet, thorne, wolf"
hindi mo pwedeng mahalin ang isang tao nang hindi mo minamahal ang hilaga, silangan, timog at kanluran ng kanyang paniniwala. kapag nagmahal ka’y dapat mong tanggapin bawat letra ng kanyang birth certificate. kasama na doon ang kanyang libag, utot at bad breath. pero me limit. pantay-pantay ang ibinibigay na karapatan sa lahat ng tao upang lumigaya, o masaktan, o magpakagago, pero kapag sumara na ang mga pinto, nawasak na ang mga puso, nawala na ang mga kaluluwa at ang bilang ay umabot na sa zero, goodbye na. pero, the memory of that one great but broken love will still sustain you, tama nga na mas matindi ang mga alaala. | alaala, broken-love, great-love, love, memory
‎true love isn't expressed in passionately whispered words an intimate kiss or a embrace; before two people are married, love is expressed in self-control, patience, even words left unsaid. | joshua-harris, love, true-love
nothing of real worth can ever be bought. love, friendship, honour, valour, respect. all these things have to be earned. | friendship, honour, love, respect, valour
how can love be worthy of its name if one selects solely the pretty things and leaves out the hardships? it is easy to enjoy the good and dislike the bad. anybody can do that. the real challenge is to love the good and the bad together, not because you need to take the rough with the smooth but because you need to go beyond such descriptions and accept love in its entirety. | love
right now, it's hard to imagine that it is raining anywhere in the world. | love
eric called al's suicide brave, and he was wrong. my mother's death was brave. i remember how calm she was, how determined. it isn't just brave that she died for me; it is brave that she did it without announcing it, without hesitation, and without appearing to consider another option. | love
when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace. | hippy, love, misattributed, peace, william-gladstone
for beatrice, when we first met, i was lonely, and you were pretty.now i am pretty lonely. | lonely, love
it was rather beautiful: the way he put her insecurities to sleep. the way he dove into her eyes and starved all the fears and tasted all the dreams she kept coiled beneath her bones. | dreams, love, trust
i suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. so that’s what i’m giving the finger to. social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? i think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. it thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like. | bisexual, bisexuality, bisexuals, body, books, boy, cool, culture, desire, emotion, erotic, erotica, friendship, funny, gay, gay-men, gay-rights, glbt, guy, honesty, humor, humour, imagination, individuality, life, love, music, novel, passion, reality, relationships, romance, self, sex, sexuality, society, society-s-increasing-stupidity, technology, truth, wisdom, young, youth
the problem with marriage is that it ends every night after making love, and it must be rebuilt every morning before breakfast. | love, marriage
"okay. then...i can talk. ask me something.""""okay."" he laughs shakily in my ear. ""why is your heart racing tris?""i cringe and say, ""well, i...i barely know you. i barely know you and i'm crammed up against you in a box, four, what do you think?""...""maybe you were cut out for candor,"" he says, ""because you're a terrible liar. | beatrice-prior, cute, divergent, four, love, tris-prior, veronica-roth"
wait. you think i'm going to die? that's why you slept with me? | love, vampire-academy
you've got to have someone who loves your body. who doesn't define you, but sees you. who loves what he sees. who you don't have to struggle to be good enough for. | good-enough, love, seeing, someone, struggle, you
a weed is but an unloved flower. | acceptance, flowers, gardening, love, weeds
i wanted to tell her that i loved her, and not in the complicated way i loved our parents, but in a simple way i never had to think about. i loved her like breathing. | love, siblings, simple-love
accidents ambush the unsuspecting, often violently, just like love. | accident, love, unsuspecting
i haven't had that one great love, which is good. i don't want that to be in the past, i want it to be in the future. | future-past, love
i imagine john watson thinks love’s a mystery to me, but the chemistry is incredibly simple and very destructive. when we first met, you told me that a disguise is always a self portrait, how true of you, the combination to your safe – your measurements. but this is far more intimate. this is your heart, and you should never let it rule your head. you could have chosen any random number and walked out of here today with everything you worked for. but you just couldn’t resist it, could you? i’ve always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage. thank you for the final proof. | love, sherlock-holmes
love is a fruit in season at all times and within reach of every hand. | love
she wasnt exactly sure when it happened. or even when it started. all she knew for sure was that right here and now, she was falling hard and she could only pray that he was feeling the same way. | falling-in-love, love, nicholas-sparks, safe-haven, unexpected-love
if love is like a possession, maybe my letter are like my exorcisms | contemporary, lara-jean, love, love-letters
contrary to what we may have been taught to think, unnecessary and unchosen suffering wounds us but need not scar us for life. it does mark us. what we allow the mark of our suffering to become is in our own hands. | hurt, love, pain, redemption, scars, suffering
"it starts so young, and i'm angry about that. the garbage we're taught. about love, about what's ""romantic."" look at so many of the so-called romantic figures in books and movies. do we ever stop and think how many of them would cause serious and drastic unhappiness after the end? why are sick and dangerous personality types so often shown a passionate and tragic and something to be longed for when those are the very ones you should run for your life from? think about it. heathcliff. romeo. don juan. jay gatsby. rochester. mr. darcy. from the rigid control freak in the sound of music to all the bad boys some woman goes running to the airport to catch in the last minute of every romantic comedy. she should let him leave. your time is so valuable, and look at these guys--depressive and moody and violent and immature and self-centered. and what about the big daddy of them all, prince charming? what was his secret life? we dont know anything about him, other then he looks good and comes to the rescue. | books, garbage, heathcliff, jay-gatsby, love, men, movies, mr-darcy, prince-charming, rochester, romantic, romeo, time, waste"
you have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. revel in it, allow yourself to awe. when you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty. | inspirational, love, music
i think heaven will be like a first kiss. | first-kiss, heaven, kisses, love
you cannot be with someone just because you don’t want to hurt him. you have your own happiness to think about. | happiness, happy, heartbreak, hurt, love, self
of course i’ll hurt you. of course you’ll hurt me. of course we will hurt each other. but this is the very condition of existence. to become spring, means accepting the risk of winter. to become presence, means accepting the risk of absence. | absence, existence, fear, hurt, love, risk
he experienced the singular pleasure of watching people he loved fall in love with other people he loved. | friendship, love
the desire to go home that is a desire to be whole, to know where you are, to be the point of intersection of all the lines drawn through all the stars, to be the constellation-maker and the center of the world, that center called love. to awaken from sleep, to rest from awakening, to tame the animal, to let the soul go wild, to shelter in darkness and blaze with light, to cease to speak and be perfectly understood. | home, journey, love, wanderlust
how many loved your moments of glad grace,  and loved your beauty with love false or true;  but one man loved the pilgrim soul in you, and loved the sorrows of your changing face. | ageing, aging, beauty, love, poetry
we have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! it's time to put an end to this. it's time for us to let ourselves be loved. | growing, humanity, inspirational, inspirational-life, inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, learning, life-and-living, life-lessons, love, people, real-love, reality, reality-of-life, those-who-love-us, to-be-loved, true-love, what-matters
how far would you go to keep the hope of love alive? | hope, love, nicholas, nicholas-sparks, sparks, the-choice
you can’t, if you can’t feel it, if it neverrises from the soul, and swaysthe heart of every single hearer,with deepest power, in simple ways.you’ll sit forever, gluing things together,cooking up a stew from other’s scraps,blowing on a miserable fire,made from your heap of dying ash.let apes and children praise your art,if their admiration’s to your taste,but you’ll never speak from heart to heart,unless it rises up from your heart’s space. | admiration, art, idolatry, individuality, legacy, love, masterpiece, quest
if you have the woman you love, what more do you need? well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder.  | alibi, crazy, desire, funny, humor, husband, insane, justification, justify, love, murder, necessity, need, relationships, time, want, wife, woman, women, word-junkies, yearn
you don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not. | imperfect, love
there will never be a good time, financially, to get married, unless you're shaq or ray romano. but somehow people manage. if your man is using money as an excuse not to marry you, it's your relationship that's insecure, not his bank account. | dating, he-s-just-not-that-into-you, love, men-and-women
you deserve all that and more. it made me happy to see you suffer. i would do it all over again if i could.' i realized i was shaking as the words tumbled out of me. 'i would do it again and again. every night i would torment you and laugh. do you understand? you are never safe with me.' i drew a shuddering breath, trying to will away the sting of tears.he opened his eyes and stared up at me as if i were the door out of arcadia and back to the true sky. 'that's what makes you my favorite.' he reached up and wiped a tear off my cheek with his thumb. 'every wicked bit of you. | flaws, honesty, love
a: the soul wanders in the dark, until it finds love. and so, wherever our love goes, there we find our soul.q: it always happens?a: if we're lucky. and if we let ourselves be blind. q: instead of watching out?a: instead of always watching out. | completion, love
i envy people that know love. that have someone who takes them as they are. | dark, dark-divine, dark-humor, dark-lover, darkness, desire, emotion, emotional, emotional-plague, emotionally-scared, emotions, envy, gothic, gothic-fiction, gothic-romance, incubus, life, love, lust, paranormal, paranormal-fiction, paranormal-romance, passion, self, succubus, supernatural, supernaturalism, truth, urban-fantasy
the feeling of loving her and being loved by her welled up in him, and he could taste the adrenaline in the back of his throat, and maybe it wasn't over, and maybe he could feel her hand in his again and hear her loud, brash voice contort itself into a whisper to say i-love-you as if it were a secret, and an immense one. | an-abundance-of-katherines, heartbreak, i-love-you, love
the problem, often not discovered until late in life, is that when you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. the most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation. for me, i am driven by two main philosophies, know more today about the world than i knew yesterday. and lessen the suffering of others. you'd be surprised how far that gets you. | love, meaning, motivation, neil-degrasse, science, successful-people
freely we servebecause we freely love, as in our willto love or not; in this we stand or fall. | freedom, love
"not enough,"" he said, letting her hair slip through his fingers. ""if i kiss you all day, everyday, for the rest of my life, it won't be enough. | clary-fray, jace, kissing, love"
i could never pretend something i didn't feel. i could never make love if i didn't love, and if i loved i could no more hide the fact than change the color of my eyes. | love, marilyn-monroe, my-story
when someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. you feel safe and comfortable. | desire, emotion, friendship, honesty, imagination, individuality, life, love, passion, reality, relationships, romance, truth, wisdom, wise-words
i love you. i love you. i send this message through my fingers and into his, up his arm and into his heart. hear me. i love you. and i'm sorry to leave you. | leaving, love, sorrow, tessa
if we are to love our neighbors, before doing anything else we must see our neighbors. with our imagination as well as our eyes, that is to say like artists, we must see not just their faces but the life behind and within their faces. here it is love that is the frame we see them in. | empathy, imagination, love, understanding
"i went to a tattoo parlor and had yes written onto the palm of my left hand, and no onto my right palm, what can i say, it hasn't made my life wonderful, its made life possible, when i rub my hands against each other in the middle of winter i am warming myself with the friction of yes and no, when i clap my hands i am showing my appreciation through the uniting and parting of yes and no, i signify ""book"" by peeling open my hands, every book, for me, is the balance of yes and no, even this one, my last one, especially this one. does it break my heart, of course, every moment of every day, into more pieces than my heart was made of, i never thought of myself as quiet, much less silent, i never thought about things at all, everything changed, the distance that wedged itself between me and my happiness wasn't the world, it wasn't the bombs and burning buildings, it was me, my thinking, the cancer of never letting go, is ignorance bliss, i don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? i think and think and think, i've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it. | grief, love, sadness"
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul. | love, poetry
to fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. but it is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be. | love, soul-mate
the truth was i knew, after all those flat january days, that i deserved better. i deserved i love yous and kiwi fruits and warriors coming to my door, besotted with love. i deserved pictures of my face in a thousand expressions, and the warmth of a baby's kick beneath my hand. i deserved to grow, and to change, to become all the girls i could be over the course of my life, each one better than the last. | love
i wake up and tear drops, they fall down like rain. i put on that old song we danced to and then, i head off to my job cause not much has changed. punch the clock, head for home, check the phone. just in case. go to bed, dream of you. that's what i am doing these days. | life, love
because i trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (at least, today i feel that way.) i think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of. | education, expression, feelings, humor, inspirational, learning, life, love, truth
kisses open doors, i've noticed. that one gesture can unlock secrets, ease open feelings. it can't be prevented--these kisses just are. it's how they work. they break into basements you never knew you had. | love
i love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. i love you. | life, love
when you love someone you let them take care of you. | love
she's mad, but she's magic. there's no lie in her fire. | fire, love, magic, women
love never dies a natural death. it dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. it dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. it dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings. | death, love
"after all this time?""""always... | love"
there is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved. | love
yours(now i'm even losing my name - it was getting shorter and shorter all the time and is now: yours) | love, yours
with him, life was routine; without him, life was unbearable. | love
we ate well and cheaply and drank well and cheaply and slept well and warm together and loved each other. | love
but the you who you are tonight is the same you i was in love with yesterday, the same you i’ll be in love with tomorrow. | in-love, love, time
it is impossible to manufacture or imitate love. | love, romance
i need the thing that happens when your brain shuts off and your heart turns on. | love
five minutes are enough to dream a whole life, that is how relative time is. | dreams, love, poetry, time
i read once that the ancient egyptians had fifty words for sand & the eskimos had a hundred words for snow. i wish i had a thousand words for love, but all that comes to mind is the way you move against me while you sleep & there are no words for that. | inspiration, love, story-people
it's not that you should never love something so much that it can control you.it's that you need to love something that much so you can never be controlled.it's not a weakness.it's your best strength. | control, love, strength, weakness
top 15 things money can’t buytime. happiness. inner peace. integrity. love. character. manners. health. respect. morals. trust. patience. class. common sense. dignity. | character, class, common-sense, dignity, happiness, health, inner-peace, inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-quotes, integrity, life, life-quotes, love, manners, money, morals, patience, respect, time, trust
sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand, and what you've been up there searching for forever, is in your hands. when you figure out love is all that matters after all it sure makes everything else seem so small. | goals, love
most things are forgotten over time. even the war itself, the life-and-death struggle people went through is now like something from the distant past. we’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past are no longer in orbit around our minds. there are just too many things we have to think about everyday, too many new things we have to learn. but still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. they remain with us forever, like a touchstone. | forgetting, letting-go, life, life-lessons, love, memories, not-letting-go
genuine love is rarely an emotional space where needs are instantly gratified. to know love we have to invest time and commitment...'dreaming that love will save us, solve all our problems or provide a steady state of bliss or security only keeps us stuck in wishful fantasy, undermining the real power of the love -- which is to transform us.' many people want love to function like a drug, giving them an immediate and sustained high. they want to do nothing, just passively receive the good feeling. | drug, emotion, feeling, genuine, insightful, love
as mothers and daughters, we are connected with one another. my mother is the bones of my spine, keeping me straight and true. she is my blood, making sure it runs rich and strong. she is the beating of my heart. i cannot now imagine a life without her. | daughters, family, love, mothers
it's the kind of kiss that inspires stars to climb into the sky and light up the world. | fangirling, juliette-miller, kiss, light, love, stars, warner
sought we the scrivani word-work of surthurlong-lost in ledger all hope forgotten.yet fast-found for friendship fair the book-bringerhot comes the huntress fela, flushed with findingbreathless her breast her high blood risingto ripen the red-cheek rouge-bloom of beauty.“that sort of thing,” simmon said absently, his eyes still scanning the pages in front of him.i saw fela turn her head to look at simmon, almost as if she were surprised to see him sitting there.no, it was almost as if up until that point, he’d just been occupying space around her, like a piece of furniture. but this time when she looked at him, she took all of him in. his sandy hair, the line of his jaw, the span of his shoulders beneath his shirt. this time when she looked, she actually saw him.let me say this. it was worth the whole awful, irritating time spent searching the archives just to watch that moment happen. it was worth blood and the fear of death to see her fall in love with him. just a little. just the first faint breath of love, so light she probably didn’t notice it herself. it wasn’t dramatic, like some bolt of lightning with a crack of thunder following. it was more like when flint strikes steel and the spark fades almost too fast for you to see. but still, you know it’s there, down where you can’t see, kindling. | fela, kvothe, love, scriv, simmon, wil
i didn't know love could leave the lights on all the time. | love
the only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you. | boys, hate, love
to love is to suffer. to avoid suffering one must not love. but then one suffers from not loving. therefore, to love is to suffer; not to love is to suffer; to suffer is to suffer. to be happy is to love. to be happy, then, is to suffer, but suffering makes one unhappy. therefore, to be happy one must love or love to suffer or suffer from too much happiness. | love
i just...i just miss him. and i hate being so alone. | katniss, love, missing-you, peeta, relationships, the-hunger-games
"and when she at last came out, her eyes were dry. her parents stared up from their silent breakfast at her. they both started to rise but she put a hand out, stopped them. ‘i can care for myself, please,’ and she set about getting some food. they watched her closely. 	in point of fact, she had never looked as well. she had entered her room as just an impossibly lovely girl. the woman who emerged was a trifle thinner, a great deal wiser, and an ocean sadder. this one understood the nature of pain, and beneath the glory of her features, there was character, and a sure knowledge of suffering. 	she was eighteen. she was the most beautiful woman in a hundred years. she didn’t seem to care. 	‘you’re all right?’ her mother asked.	buttercup sipped her cocoa. ‘fine,’ she said.	‘you’re sure?’ her father wondered.	‘yes,’ buttercup replied. there was a very long pause. ‘but i must never love again.’	she never did. | grief, loss, love"
ye are blood of my blood, and bone of my bone,i give ye my body, that we two might be one.i give ye my spirit, 'til our life shall be done. | love, marriage, romance
if equal affection cannot be,let the more loving one be me. | affection, equality, love, relationships
stronger than lover's love is lover's hate. incurable, in each, the wounds they make. | hate, incurable, love, retaliation, revenge, wounds
they had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things-if love can ever be called that. | life, love
yet nothing can to nothing fall,nor any place be empty quite;therefore i think my breast hath allthose pieces still, though they be not unite;and now, as broken glasses showa hundred lesser faces, somy rags of heart can like, wish, and adore,but after one such love, can love no more. | broken-heart, love
i know i’m not supposed to say this, but i love you. | adrian-ivashkov, feelings, love, sydney-sage
i guess what i'm trying to say is that you are there, in everything i am, in everything i've ever done, and looking back, i know that i should have told you know much you've always meant to me.  | love, sharing-love, telling-love
every morning, i wake up and forget just for a second that it happened. but once my eyes open, it buries me like a landslide of sharp, sad rocks. once my eyes open, i'm heavy, like there's to much gravity on my heart. | grief, loss, love
love.not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio.the real kind.the kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres.the kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish.the kind that can forgives. the kind that believes in healing. the kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed.the real kind of love.it's rare and we have it.. | inspirational-quotes, love, relationships
it doesn't have to be on valentine's day. it doesn't have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. it doesn't have to conform to whatever is usual. it doesn't have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third date.it just has to be. in time. in place. in spirit.it just has to be. | destiny, love
ronan's second secret was adam parrish. | love, secrets
it hurts to breathe. it hurts to live. i hate her, yet i do not think i can exist without her. | betrayal, lindsay, lost-love, love, yearning
falling in love should be the easiest thing in the world, but it's not. | lindsey-lancaster, love
when i was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. when i went to school, they asked me what i wanted to be when i grew up. i wrote down ‘happy’. they told me i didn’t understand the assignment, and i told them they didn’t understand life. | inspirational, life
thank you...for gracing my life with your lovely presence, for adding the sweet measure of your soul to my existence. | love, sweet-talk
where is aelin. where is my wife? | aelin-ashryver-galathynius, love, rowan-whitethorn
life is like a game of chess.to win you have to make a move.knowing which move to make comes with in-sightand knowledge, and by learning the lessons that areacculated along the way.we become each and every piece within the game called life! | anxiety, art-of-dying, art-of-living, depression, enlightenment, hang-man, know-thyself, knowing, knowing-oneself, knowledge, knowledge-education, knowledge-of-self, knowledge-teaching, love, master, master-key, master-of-love, masters, mastery, mind, mind-body-spirit, mind-power, personal-development, personal-growth, positive-attitude, positive-mindset, positive-motivation, positive-outlook, positive-quotes, positive-thinking, positive-thoughts, power-of-love, power-of-thoughts, power-of-words, powerful-story, quote, sacred, sacred-teachings, sacred-wisdom, sage, sage-advice, self-esteem, self-help-book, self-improvement, self-improvement-book, soul, soul-searching, spirit, spiritual-development, spiritual-growth, spiritual-wisdom, spiritualism, suicidal-thoughts, suicide, teachings, unconditional-acceptance, unconditional-love, wisdom, wise-man
wanting him to come back before anyone notices part of the world has not moved since he left. | life, longing, love, relationships, story-people
you know i love you right?”“i know,” he breathed, his arm tightening automatically around my waist. “you know how much i wish it was enough. | bella-swan, jacob-black, love
i knew they would kill me when they found out, but…” he struggled for words, releasing a sharp breath. “i think i realized that i would rather die because i betrayed them, than live because i betrayed you. | betrayal, choice, emotions, friendship, love, scarlet, wolf
love is love no matter old you are, and i knew if i gave you enough time, you'd come back to me. | catherine, love
he was not my boyfriend. on the other hand, he wasn't just a friend either. instead, our relationship was elastic, stretching between those two extremes depending on who else was around, how much either of us had to drink, and other varying factors. this was exactly what i wanted, as commitments had never really been my thing. and it wasn't like it was hard, either. the only trick was never giving more than you were willing to lose. | just-friends, lock-and-key, love
you’re just another story i can’t tell anymore. | break-ups, endings, forgetting-the-past, love, past, relationships
no matter how close we are to another person, few human relationships are as free from strife, disagreement, and frustration as is the relationship you have with a good dog. few human beings give of themselves to another as a dog gives of itself. i also suspect that we cherish dogs because their unblemished souls make us wish - consciously or unconsciously - that we were as innocent as they are, and make us yearn for a place where innocence is universal and where the meanness, the betrayals, and the cruelties of this world are unknown. | dogs, love, pets, relationships
"and there is my payment the rubies in your cheeks. are you properly scandalized by your wicked behavior? if you were catholic, you'd singe the ears of the priest you confessed to. do you remember making me swear to repeat all those naughty actions agian, no matter what you said this morning?"" now that he brought it up, i did recall saying that. great betrayed by my own immorality. ""god, bones...some of that was depraved."" ""i'll take that as a compliment."" he closed the distance between us.""i love you. don't be ashamed of anything we did, even if your prudery is on life support. | bones, cat, love, trust"
i will be with her again, or i will die. there aren’t any other options | ash, love, meghan-chase, obsession, the-iron-fey
heaven would never be heaven without you. | heaven, love
he's more myself than i am. whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. | love
people don't need love. what they need is success in one form or another. it can be love but it needn't be. | love, success
i'm not really sure why. but... do you stop loving someone just because they betray you? i don't think so. that's what makes the betrayal hurt so much - pain, frustration, anger... and i still loved her. i still do. | anger, betrayal, frustration, hurt, love, pain
when you have reached the point where you no longer expect a response, you will at last be able to give in such a way that the other is able to receive, and be grateful. when love has matured and, through a dissolution of the self into light, become a radiance, then shall the lover be liberated from dependence upon the beloved, and the beloved also be made perfect by being liberated from the lover. | christianity, love, mind
you can live your whole life not realizing that what you're looking for is right in front of you. | life, love
yes, i understand why things had to happen this way. i understand his reason for causing me pain. but mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. it does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. let the rain come then if it must come! and let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes! | breakup, broken, broken-heart, broken-hearted, broken-hearted-quotes, dating, faith, healing, heartache, heartbreak, heartbroken, hope, hurt, hurt-feelings, hurting, hurting-heart, inspirational, life, life-lessons, love, romance
zen masters say you cannot see your reflection in running water, only in still water. | eat, elizabeth-gilbert, love, pray
so i learned two things that night, and the next day, from him: the perfection of a moment, and the fleeting nature of it. | cleopatra, epiphany, fiction, journey, life, loss, love, relationships
i will not wait to love as best as i can. we thought we were young and that there would be time to love well sometime in the future. this is a terrible way to think. it is no way to live, to wait to love. | carpe-diem, love
it is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.  | love
the true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart. | freedom, global-oneness, inspirational, life, love, meditation, miracles-of-life, nonduality-yoga, oneness, oneness-with-life, unity, unity-consciousness, yoga
it does good to no woman to be flattered [by a man] who does not intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, ignis-fatuus-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication. | feelings, flattery, love, secret-love, sense, unavowed-love, vulnerability, women
romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze.  | inspiration, love, romance
only once in your life, i truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. you tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. you share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. when something wonderful happens, you can’t wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. they are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. there is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. you can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. the things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it’s like being young again. colours seem brighter and more brilliant. laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn’t exist at all. a phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day’s work and always brings a smile to your face. in their presence, there’s no need for continuous conversation, but you find you’re quite content in just having them nearby. things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. you think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. you open your heart knowing that there’s a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. you find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that’s so real it scares you. you find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life. | love
"may she wake in torment!"" he cried, with frightful vehemence, stamping his foot, and groaning in a sudden paroxysm of ungovernable passion. ""why, she's a liar to the end! where is she? not there—not in heaven—not perished—where? oh! you said you cared nothing for my sufferings! and i pray one prayer—i repeat it till my tongue stiffens—may she wake in torment!"" he cried, with frightful vehemence, stamping his foot, and groaning in a sudden paroxysm of ungovernable passion. ""why, she's a liar to the end! where is she? not there—not in heaven—not perished—where? oh! you said you cared nothing for my sufferings! and i pray one prayer—i repeat it till my tongue stiffens—catherine earnshaw, may you not rest as long as i am living; you said i killed you—haunt me, then! the murdered do haunt their murderers, i believe. i know that ghosts have wandered on earth. be with me always—take any form—drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where i cannot find you! oh, god! it is unutterable! i cannot live without my life! i cannot live without my soul! | betrayal, death, hate, love, malediction, obsession, thwarted"
then love knew it was called love. and when i lifted my eyes to your name, suddenly your heart showed me my way | eyes, heart, love, name
there is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven:a time to be born and a time to die,a time to plant and a time to uproot,a time to kill and a time to heal,a time to tear down and a time to build,a time to weep and a time to laugh,a time to mourn and a time to dance,a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them,a time to embrace and a time to refrain,a time to search and a time to give up,a time to keep and a time to throw away,a time to tear and a time to mend,a time to be silent and a time to speak,a time to love and a time to hate,a time for war and a time for peace.(ecclesiastes 3:1-8, niv) | ecclesiastes, life, love, romance, scripture, youth
last time i saw you, i said that it hurt too much to love you. but i was wrong about that. the truth is it hurts too much not to love you. | house-of-night, love
he stared at her, knowing with certainty that he was falling in love. he pulled her close and kissed her beneath a blanket of stars, wondering how on earth he'd been lucky enough to find her. | love
it’s probably not just by chance that i’m alone. it would be very hard for a man to live with me, unless he’s terribly strong. and if he’s stronger than i, i’m the one who can’t live with him. … i’m neither smart nor stupid, but i don’t think i’m a run-of-the-mill person. i’ve been in business without being a businesswoman, i’ve loved without being a woman made only for love. the two men i’ve loved, i think, will remember me, on earth or in heaven, because men always remember a woman who caused them concern and uneasiness. i’ve done my best, in regard to people and to life, without precepts, but with a taste for justice. | autonomy, bachelorhood, empowerment, freedom, independence, individuality, love, marriage, matrimony, men, self-determination, self-sufficiency, singles, strength, women
i love you like a fat kid loves cake! | food, humor, love
when you give yourself permission to communicate what matters to you in every situation you will have peace despite rejection or disapproval. putting a voice to your soul helps you to let go of the negative energy of fear and regret. | bravery, communication, confidence, disapproval, expressing-yourself, honesty, love, no-regrets, openess, permission, regrets, rejection, soul, speaking-your-mind, talking, truth, voice
"she didn't understand that. ""how can anyone be afraid of love?""""how can they not?"" his face was completely aghast. ""when you love someone... truly love them, friend or lover, you lay your heart open to them. you give them a part of yourself that you give to no one else, and you let them inside a part of you that only they can hurt—you literally hand them the razor with a map of where to cut deepest and most painfully on your heart and soul. and when they do strike, it's crippling—like having your heart carved out. it leaves you naked and exposed, wondering what you did to make them want to hurt you so badly when all you did was love them. what is so wrong with you that no one can keep faith with you? that no one can love you? to have it happen once is bad enough... but to have it repeated? who in their right mind would not be terrified of that? | archeron, ash, kat, katra, love"
i think we ought to live happily ever after. | happily-ever-after, love
"how can you still count yourself a knight, when you have forsaken every vow you ever swore?"" jaime reached for the flagon to refill his cup. ""so many vows...they make you swear and swear. defend the king. obey the king. keep his secrets. do his bidding. your life for his. but obey your father. love your sister. protect the innocent. defend the weak. respect the gods. obey the laws. it's too much. no matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or the other. | catelyn-starks, jaime-lannister, king, knight, life, love, obey, protect, respect, vows"
i wanted to tell her everything, maybe if i'd been able to, we could have lived differently, maybe i'd be there with you now instead of here. maybe... if i'd said, 'i'm so afraid of losing something i love that i refuse to love anything,' maybe that would have made the impossible possible. maybe, but i couldn't do it, i had buried too much too deeply inside me. and here i am, instead of there. | love, regret
"when you love someone, they become a part of who you are. they're in everything you do. they're in the air you breathe and the water you drink and the blood in your veins. their touch stays on your skin and their voice stays in your ears and their thoughts stay in your mind. you know their dreams because their nightmares pierce your heart and their good dreams are your dreams too. and you don't think they're perfect, but you know their flaws, the deep-down truth of them, and the shadows of all their secrets, and they don't frighten you away; in fact you love them more for it, because you don't want perfect. you want them. you want—""he broke off then, as if realizing everyone was looking at him again.""you want what?"" said dru with enormous eyes.""nothing,"" julian said. ""i'm just talking. | drusilla-blackthorn, julian-blackthorn, love"
to love someone enough to let them go, you had to let them go forever or you did not love them that much. | breaking-up, love
the court of dreams.the people who knew that there was a price, and one worth paying, for that dream. the bastard- born warriors, the illyrian half breed, the monster trapped in a beautiful body, the dreamer born into a court of nightmares...and the huntress with an artist's soul. | dreams, love, shivers, wonderful
because misery, and degradation, and death, and nothing that god or satan could inflict would have parted us, you, of your own will did it. i have no broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine. so much the worse for me that i am strong. | death, heartache, heathcliff, love, sadness
you were a summer gift, one i'll always treasure. you were a dream i never wanted to wake up from. you opened my eyes to things i'll never really see. you're the best thing that will ever happen to me. | love
love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair. | hopelessness, inspirational, life, love
at first i did not love you, jude; that i own. when i first knew you i merely wanted you to love me. i did not exactly flirt with you; but that inborn craving which undermines some women's morals almost more than unbridled passion--the craving to attract and captivate, regardless of the injury it may do the man--was in me; and when i found i had caught you, i was frightened. and then--i don't know how it was-- i couldn't bear to let you go--possibly to arabella again--and so i got to love you, jude. but you see, however fondly it ended, it began in the selfish and cruel wish to make your heart ache for me without letting mine ache for you. | craving, cruel, deception, flirting, heartbreaker, heartbroken, love, lying, selfish, sue-bridehead
being with her i feel a pain, like a frozen knife stuck in my chest. an awful pain, but the funny thing is i'm thankful for it. it's like that frozen pain and my very existence are one. | love, pain
i’m a fake fact factory. the things i make are the things i make up. also, as a side business, i make love. actually, i just made that up. | business, fact, factory, facts, funny, humor, life, love, word-junkies
i had to touch you with my hands, i had to taste you with my tongue; one can't love and do nothing. | infatuation, love
you are beautiful like demolition. just the thought of you draws my knuckles white. i don’t need a god. i have you and your beautiful mouth, your hands holding onto me, the nails leaving unfelt wounds, your hot breath on my neck. the taste of your saliva. the darkness is ours. the nights belong to us. everything we do is secret. nothing we do will ever be understood; we will be feared and kept well away from. it will be the stuff of legend, endless discussion and limitless inspiration for the brave of heart. it’s you and me in this room, on this floor. beyond life, beyond morality. we are gleaming animals painted in moonlit sweat glow. our eyes turn to jewels and everything we do is an example of spontaneous perfection. i have been waiting all my life to be with you. my heart slams against my ribs when i think of the slaughtered nights i spent all over the world waiting to feel your touch. the time i annihilated while i waited like a man doing a life sentence. now you’re here and everything we touch explodes, bursts into bloom or burns to ash. history atomizes and negates itself with our every shared breath. i need you like life needs life. i want you bad like a natural disaster. you are all i see. you are the only one i want to know. | beauty, love, you
his heart danced upon her movements like a cork upon a tide. he heard what her eyes said to him from beneath their cowl and knew that in some dim past, whether in life or revery, he had heard their tale before. | heart, love
you think fairy tales are only for girls? here’s a hint—ask yourself who wrote them. i assure you, it wasn’t just the women. it’s the great male fantasy—all it takes is one dance to know that she’s the one. all it takes is the sound of her song from the tower, or a look at her sleeping face. and right away you know—this is the girl in your head, sleeping or dancing or singing in front of you. yes, girls want their princes, but boys want their princesses just as much. and they don’t want a very long courtship. they want to know immediately. | fairy-tale, love
do you ever just put your arms out and just spin and spin and spin? well, that's what love is like; everything inside of you tells you to stop before you fall, but for some reason you just keep going. | love
i don't understand how i can know so little about love and how it works. how i can be so bad at it when it's all i've ever wanted.all i've ever known is about leaving or being left. | leaving, left, love
the strength of a love is always misjudged if we evaluate it by its immediate cause and not the stress that went before it, the dark and hollow space full of disappointment and loneliness that precedes all the great events in the heart's history. | disappointment, heart, loneliness, love
to me, “fearless” is not the absence of fear. it’s not being completely unafraid. to me, fearless is having fears. fearless is having doubts. lots of them. to me, fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. fearless is falling madly in love again, even though you’ve been hurt before. fearless is walking into your freshmen year of high school at fifteen. fearless is getting back up and fighting for what you want over and over again… even though every time you’ve tried before, you’ve lost. it’s fearless to have faith that someday things will change. fearless is having the courage to say goodbye to someone who only hurts you, even if you can’t breathe without them. i think it’s fearless to fall for your best friend, even though he’s in love with someone else. and when someone apologizes to you enough times for things they’ll never stop doing, i think it’s fearless to stop believing them. it’s fearless to say “you’re not sorry”, and walk away. i think loving someone despite what people think is fearless. i think allowing yourself to cry on the bathroom floor is fearless. letting go is fearless. then, moving on and being alright…that’sfearless too. but no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. you have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. that’s why i write these songs. because i think love is fearless. | fearless, love
when you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love, or if it attributes them to her; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you, from her, or from the meeting of your sparks. | love, romance
there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people. | art, love
"i only have so much willpower, helen,"" he whispered. ""and since you apparently sleep in the most ridiculously transparent tank top i've ever seen, i'm going to have to ask you to get under the covers before i do something stupid. | humorous, love, lucas"
i miss us too. i always have and i probably always will. sometimes there are no happy endings. no matter what, i'll be losing something, someone. but maybe that's what it all comes down to. love, not as a surge of passion, but as a choice to commit to something, someone, no matter what obstacles or temptations stand in the way. and maybe making that choice again and again, day in and day out, year after year,says more about love than never having a choice to make at all. | choice, love
we hug, but there are no tears. for every awful thing that's been said and done, she is my sister. parents die, daughters grow up and marry out, but sisters are for life. she is the only person left in the world who shares my memories of our childhood, our parents, our shanghai, our struggles, our sorrows, and, yes, even our moments of happiness and triumph. my sister is the one person who truly knows me, as i know her. the last thing may says to me is 'when our hair is white, we'll still have our sister love. | love, sisters
if you didn't love him, this never would have happened. but you did. and accepting that love and everything that followed it is part of letting it go. | break-ups, dreamland, letting-go, love, sarah-dessen
anatasiayou are my more my love, my lifechristian | love, romantic
the quiet worldin an effort to get people to lookinto each other’s eyes more,and also to appease the mutes,the government has decidedto allot each person exactly one hundred and sixty-seven words, per day.when the phone rings, i put it to my ear without saying hello. in the restaurant i point at chicken noodle soup.i am adjusting well to the new way.late at night, i call my long distance lover, i only used fifty-nine today. when she doesn’t respond,i know she’s used up all her words, thirty-two and a third times.after that, we just sit on the line and listen to each other breathe. | i-love-you, love, poetry, sacrifice
the heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care | love
i loved you so much once. i did. more than anything in the whole wide world. imagine that. what a laugh that is now. can you believe it? we were so intimate once upon a time i can't believe it now. the memory of being that intimate with somebody. we were so intimate i could puke. i can't imagine ever being that intimate with somebody else. i haven't been. | distraction, intimacy, love, memory, past
he didn't marry you to become king. he became king because he wanted to marry you. | attolia, eugenides, love, marriage, royalty
"amor""so many days, oh so many daysseeing you so tangible and so close,how do i pay, with what do i pay?the bloodthirsty springhas awakened in the woods.the foxes start from their earths,the serpents drink the dew,and i go with you in the leavesbetween the pines and the silence,asking myself how and wheni will have to pay for my luck.of everything i have seen,it's you i want to go on seeing:of everything i've touched,it's your flesh i want to go on touching.i love your orange laughter.i am moved by the sight of you sleeping.what am i to do, love, loved one?i don't know how others loveor how people loved in the past.i live, watching you, loving you.being in love is my nature.you please me more each afternoon.where is she? i keep on askingif your eyes disappear.how long she's taking! i think, and i'm hurt.i feel poor, foolish and sad,and you arrive and you are lightningglancing off the peach trees.that's why i love you and yet not why.there are so many reasons, and yet so few,for love has to be so,involving and general,particular and terrifying,joyful and grieving,flowering like the stars,and measureless as a kiss.that's why i love you and yet not why.there are so many reasons, and yet so few,for love has to be so,involving and general,particular and terrifying,joyful and grieving,flowering like the stars,and measureless as a kiss. | love, poetry"
power is of two kinds. one is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent than the one derived from fear of punishment. | dichotomy, fear, love, power, punishment
everyone, at some point in their lives, wakes up in the middle of the night with the feeling that they are all alone in the world, and that nobody loves them now and that nobody will ever love them, and that they will never have a decent night's sleep again and will spend their lives wandering blearily around a loveless landscape, hoping desperately that their circumstances will improve, but suspecting, in their heart of hearts, that they will remain unloved forever. the best thing to do in these circumstances is to wake somebody else up, so that they can feel this way, too. | love
remember. the way you make love is the way god will be with you. | love
he has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much;who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children;who has filled his niche and accomplished his task;who has never lacked appreciation of earth's beauty or failed to express it;who has left the world better than he found it,whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul;who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had;whose life was an inspiration;whose memory a benediction. | life, misattributed-to-emerson, success, widely-misattributed
falling in love is like getting hit by a truck and yet not being mortally wounded. just sick to your stomach, high one minute, low the next. starving hungry but unable to eat. hot, cold, forever horny, full of hope and enthusiasm, with momentary depressions that wipe you out.it is also not being able to remove the smile from your face, loving life with a mad passionate intensity, and feeling ten years younger.love does not appear with any warning signs. you fall into it as if pushed from a high diving board. no time to think about what's happening. it's inevitable. an event you can't control. a crazy, heart-stopping, roller-coaster ride that just has to take its course. | falling, falling-in-love, love
if you truly want to be respected by people you love, you must prove to them that you can survive without them. | affair, assurance, autonomy, believe-in-yourself, breakup, composure, detachment, development, disappearance, distance, escape, fade, freedom, hide, hideout, impression, independence, leg-pulling, let-go, letting-go, liberty, love, michael-bassey-johnson, neutrality, out-of-view, poise, prove, respect, self-control, self-reliance, self-rule, separation, single, sovereignty, survival, test, unconventional, unconventionality, vanish
"ah,"" she cried, ""you look so cool."" their eyes met, and they stared together at each other, alone in space. with an effort she glanced down at the table.you always look so cool,"" she repeated.she had told him that she loved him, and tom buchanan saw. | betrayal, love"
one's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion | friendship, love, philosophy, women
perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love. | love
"friendship arises out of mere companionship when two or more of the companions discover that they have in common some insight or interest or even taste which the others do not share and which, till that moment, each believed to be his own unique treasure (or burden). the typical expression of opening friendship would be something like, ""what? you too? i thought i was the only one."" ... it is when two such persons discover one another, when, whether with immense difficulties and semi-articulate fumblings or with what would seem to us amazing and elliptical speed, they share their vision - it is then that friendship is born. and instantly they stand together in an immense solitude. | amity, companionship, friendship, love"
it was the nicest thing she could imagine. it made her want to have his babies and give him both of her kidneys. | love, romance
don't be reckless with other people's hearts. don't put up with people who are reckless with yours. | love
to love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. | love, sun
i cut myself because you wouldn't let me cry.i cried because you wouldn't let me speak.i spoke because you wouldn't let me shine.i shone because i thought you loved me... | cry, cut, love, self-harm, shine, speak
the worst thing you can do if you miss or need someone is let them know it. | love, missing-someone, truth, worst-thing
it's like i'm thirteen again and he's my crush. all i'm aware of in this entire roomful of people is him. where he is, what he's doing, who he's talking to. | crush, love, teen
if he’s not calling you, it’s because you are not on his mind. if he creates expectations for you, and then doesn’t follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. be aware of this and realize that he’s okay with disappointing you. don’t be with someone who doesn’t do what they say they’re going to do. if he’s choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn’t respect your feelings and needs. “busy” is another word for “asshole.” “asshole” is another word for the guy you’re dating. you deserve a fcking phone call. | busy, call, dating, dating-advice, faith, greg-behrendt, guys, he-s-not-just-into-you, love, marriage, romance, true
self-righteousness is much like a spiritual egocentricity. it constitutes a secular type of love that thrives under conditionality, one in which is only existent after an individual meets the adopted standards of the condemner; oppositely, unconditional love is a holy love. | condemnation, conditional-love, holy, love, secular, spirituality, true-love, unconditional, undeserving
now i'd rather be infected with love for the tiniest sliver of a second than live a hundred years smothered by a lie. | love
part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. but what of people who can't feel? or talk about their feelings? or manage their feelings in constructive ways? what of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? and people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? these, it seems to me, are the real disabilities. | bitterness, disability, disappointment, emptiness, feelings, fulfillment, happiness, hope, joy, love, potential, relationships, self-awareness
a joyful heart is the normal result of a heart burning with love. she gives most who gives with joy. | joy, love
you're a hero and a gentleman, you're kind and honest, but more than that, you're the first man i ever truly loved. and no matter what the future brings, you always will be, and i know that my life is better for it. | letter, love, romance
even when i'm dead, i'll swim through the earth,like a mermaid of the soil, just to be next to your bones. | devotion, fidelity, love, obsession
"you're asking me to define an abstract concept that no one has managed to explain since time began. you sort of sprang it on me,"" gansey said. ""why do we breathe air? because we love air? because we don't want to suffocate. why do we eat? because we don't want to starve. how do i know i love her? because i can sleep after i talk to her. why? | adam-parrish, love, richard-gansey, the-raven-king"
some people feel like they don't deserve love. they walk away quietly into empty spaces, trying to close the gaps of the past. | love
there could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so similar, no feelings so in unison | feelings, hearts, love, waiting
love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. | essential, happiness, love
time will make it worse! you're...the other half of his soul. he's never going to get over you. and no matter how much you hope that you will... you'll never get over him. you're going to wake up one day and realize what you've done, and you're going to regret the time you wasted apart from him for the rest of your life. | breakup, love, moving-on, romance, young-adult
there is emotion in the hug, and there is respect and a form of love. emotion that comes from honesty, respect that comes from challenge, and the form of love that exists between people whose minds have touched, whose hearts have touched, whose souls have touched. our minds touched. our hearts touched. our souls touched.we separate. | heart, love, people, soul
the process of falling in love at first sight is as final as it is swift in such a case, but the growth of true friendship may be a lifelong affair. | friendship, love
to love life, to love it evenwhen you have no stomach for itand everything you've held dearcrumbles like burnt paper in your hands,your throat filled with the silt of it.when grief sits with you, its tropical heatthickening the air, heavy as watermore fit for gills than lungs;when grief weights you like your own fleshonly more of it, an obesity of grief,you think, how can a body withstand this?then you hold life like a facebetween your palms, a plain face,no charming smile, no violet eyes,and you say, yes, i will take youi will love you, again. | acceptance, hope, life, love
i think that when we look for love courageously, it reveals itself, and we wind up attracting even more love. if one person really wants us, everyone does. but if we’re alone, we become even more alone. life is strange. | love
usually adult males who are unable to make emotional connections with the women they choose to be intimate with are frozen in time, unable to allow themselves to love for fear that the loved one will abandon them. if the first woman they passionately loved, the mother, was not true to her bond of love, then how can they trust that their partner will be true to love. often in their adult relationships these men act out again and again to test their partner's love. while the rejected adolescent boy imagines that he can no longer receive his mother's love because he is not worthy, as a grown man he may act out in ways that are unworthy and yet demand of the woman in his life that she offer him unconditional love. this testing does not heal the wound of the past, it merely reenacts it, for ultimately the woman will become weary of being tested and end the relationship, thus reenacting the abandonment. this drama confirms for many men that they cannot put their trust in love. they decide that it is better to put their faith in being powerful, in being dominant. | abuse, commitment, love, men, relationships, women
i believe in love the verb, not the noun. | love, relationships
a quiet but indomitable voice behind me said, “i believe this is my dance.” it was him. i could feel his presence. the warmth of him seeped into my back, and i quivered all over like spring leaves in a warm breeze. | love, romance
kissing - and i mean like, yummy, smacking kissing - is the most delicious, most beautiful and passionate thing that two people can do, bar none. better than sex, hands down. | courtship, kissing, love, romance
if i had a flower for every time i thought of you...i could walk through my garden forever. | friendship, love
those who really love you don't mean to hurt you and if they do, you can't see it in their eyes but it hurts them too. | hurt, love
in the darkness, two shadows, reaching through the hopeless, heavy dusk. their hands meet, and light spills in a flood like a hundred golden urns pouring out of the sun. | love
just because i'm not forever by your side doesn't mean that's not precisely where i want to be. | apart, demon-cynster, longing, love, romance
so, it's not gonna be easy. it's gonna be really hard. we're gonna have to work at this every day, but i want to do that because i want you. i want all of you, forever, you and me, every day. will you do something for me, please? just picture your life for me? thirty years from now, forty years from now? what's it look like? if it's with him- go. go! i lost you once, i think i can do it again, if i thought that's what you really wanted. but don't you take the easy way out. | love, the-notebook
i’m not the kind of man to bottle up my feelings, kells. i don’t sit up in my room pining away, writing love poems. i’m not a dreamer. i’m a fighter. i’m a man of action, and it will take all of my self-control not to fight for this. when something needs to be done, i do it. when i feel something, i act on it. i don’t see any reason why ren deserves to get the girl of his dreams and i don’t. it doesn’t seem fair that this happens to me twice. | love, romance
when i am with you, we stay up all night.when you're not here, i can't go to sleep.praise god for those two insomnias!and the difference between them. | love
if you’re smart, you care. and if you care, you love. | love
my head’ll explode if i continue with this escapism. | body, books, cool, culture, desire, emotion, friendship, funny, girl, honesty, humor, humour, imagination, individuality, life, love, music, novel, passion, reality, relationships, romance, self, sex, technology, truth, wisdom, young, youth
and here comes in the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. it might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both; but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved. | fear, love
often you don't know whether a woman is friend, enemy or lover until it is too late. sometimes, she is all three. | love, lover, women
i was always hungry for love. just once, i wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love i couldn't take any more. just once.  | love
we are all the pieces of what we remember. we hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. as long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss. | clary-fray, fear, hope, jem-carstairs, life, loss, love, memory, shadowhunters, the-infernal-devices
i couldn't stand here, hanging on, when the very thing i held disappeared more with each passing day. | hurt, love, nora, patch
one word more. you look as if you thought it tainted you to beloved by me. you cannot avoid it. nay, i, if i would, cannotcleanse you from it. but i would not, if i could. i have neverloved any woman before: my life has been too busy, my thoughtstoo much absorbed with other things. now i love, and will love.but do not be afraid of too much expression on my part. | love
autumn is the hardest season. the leaves are all falling, and they're falling likethey're falling in love with the ground. | autumn, love
once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good. | inspirational, life, love, thelema
if he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as i could in a day. | ardor, classic, heathcliff, love
i want to try with someone who loves me enough to try with me. i want to grow old looking at the same face every morning. i want to grow old looking at the same face every night at the dinner table. i want to be one of those old couples you see still holding hands and laughing after fifty years of marriage. that's what i want. i want to be someone's forever. | forever, hea, love, marriage, romance
if i can stop one heart from breaking, i shall not live in vain. | life, love
how far have you walked for men who’ve never held your feet in their laps? | love
you don't need another human being to make your life complete, but let's be honest. having your wounds kissed by someone who doesn't see them as disasters in your soul, but cracks to put their love into, is the most calming thing in this world. | beauty-and-sadness, disaster, healing, love, soul, wounds
every widow wakes one morning, perhaps after years of pure and unwavering grieving, to realize she slept a good night's sleep, and will be able to eat breakfast, and doesn't hear her husband's ghost all the time, but only some of the time. her grief is replaced with a useful sadness. every parent who loses a child finds a way to laugh again. the timbre begins to fade. the edge dulls. the hurt lessens. every love is carved from loss. mine was. yours is. your great-great-great-grandchildren's will be. but we learn to live in that love. | death, grief, life, love
nobody sees anybody truly but all through the flaws of their own egos. that is the way we all see ...each other in life. vanity, fear, desire, competition-- all such distortions within our own egos-- condition our vision of those in relation to us. add to those distortions to our own egos the corresponding distortions in the egos of others, and you see how cloudy the glass must become through which we look at each other. that's how it is in all living relationships except when there is that rare case of two people who love intensely enough to burn through all those layers of opacity and see each other's naked hearts. | blindness, ego, fear, heart, life, love, vanity
he wasn't the type for displays of affection, either verbal or not. he was disgusted by couples that made out in the hallways between classes, and got annoyed at even the slightest sappy moments in movies. but i knew he cared about me: he just conveyed it more subtly, as concise with expressing this emotion as he was with everything else. it was in the way he'd put his hand on the small of my back, for instance, or how he'd smile at me when i said something that surprised him. once i might have wanted more, but i'd come around to his way of thinking in the time we'd been together. and we were together, all the time. so he didn't have to prove how he felt about me. like so much else, i should just know. | affection, crappy-boyfriends, love, relationships
unending lovei seem to have loved you in numberless forms, numberless times...in life after life, in age after age, forever.my spellbound heart has made and remade the necklace of songs,that you take as a gift, wear round your neck in your many forms,in life after life, in age after age, forever.whenever i hear old chronicles of love, it's age old pain,it's ancient tale of being apart or together.as i stare on and on into the past, in the end you emerge,clad in the light of a pole-star, piercing the darkness of time.you become an image of what is remembered forever.you and i have floated here on the stream that brings from the fount.at the heart of time, love of one for another.we have played along side millions of lovers,shared in the same shy sweetness of meeting,the distressful tears of farewell,old love but in shapes that renew and renew forever.today it is heaped at your feet, it has found its end in youthe love of all man's days both past and forever:universal joy, universal sorrow, universal life.the memories of all loves merging with this one love of ours -and the songs of every poet past and forever. | love, reincarnation, soulmates
you see, there are some people that one loves, and others that perhaps one would rather be with. | happiness, love
man...heats up like a lightbulb: red hot in the twinkling of an eye and cold again in a flash. the female, on the other hand...heats up like an iron. slowly, over a low heat, like tasty stew. but then, once she has heated up, there's no stopping her. | humor, love, men, sex, women
i loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be. | love
yes, i decided, a man can truly change. the events of the past year have taught me much about myself, and a few universal truths. i learned, for instance, that while wounds can be inflicted easily upon those we love, it's often much more difficult to heal them. yet the process of healing those wounds provided the richest experience of my life, leading me to believe that while i've often overestimated what i could accomplish in a day, i had underestimated what i could do in a year. but most of all, i learned that it's possible for two people to fall in love all over again, even when there's been a lifetime of disappointment between them. | hope, love, personal-growth, romance
jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. the immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy - in fact, they are almost incompatible; one emotion hardly leaves room for the other. | jealousy, love
his breath hitched, and he regarded me hungrily. “you’re playing with fire, you know that?” “that’s weird, considering you’re an ice prin—” i didn’t get any further, as ash leaned in and kissed me. | ash, love, meghan
the surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn’twork out the first time. | hurt, love, quitting
i felt his other hand sear hot against my cheek. he bent his head, and in a voice that jack couldn’t hear, said, “when you came down the stairs, and fell into me, that was the moment.” then his lips pressed against mine. | alex, lila, love
never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart. | kissing, love, romance
i've been in love with you since you helped me bury that spider in my garden, and you sang with me like we were singing “amazing grace” instead of “the itsy, bitsy spider.” i've loved you since you quoted hamlet like you understood him, since you said you loved ferris wheels more than roller coasters because life shouldn't be lived at full speed, but in anticipation and appreciation. i read and re-read your letters to rita because i felt like you'd opened up a little window into your soul, and the light was pouring out with every word. they weren't even for me, but it didn't matter. i loved every word, every thought, and i loved you . . . so much. | love
"when you say ""i"" and ""my"" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the ""we"" and ""our"". | inspirational, life, love, relationships, understanding-others"
your absence has not taught me to be alone, it merely has shown that when together we cast a single shadow on the wall. | love, relationships, romance
i know i'm not going to be in your head all the time. but once you know me, i'll be forever in your heart.  | be-yourself, beauty, best, feelings, head, heart, heartache, heartbreak, infatuation, inspirational, life, life-lessons, love, lust, mistakes, realist, relationships, sentimental, sex, truth, word-junkies
but how will i know who my soulmate is?” brida felt that this was one of the most important questions she had ever asked in her life. by taking risks’ she said to brida. ‘ by risking failure, disappointment, disillusion, but never ceasing in you search for love. as long as you keep looking, you will triumph in the end. | love, sacrifice, soulmate
people think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone wants. but a true soul mate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that is holding you back, the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life. a true soul mate is probably the most important person you'll ever meet, because they tear down your walls and smack you awake. but to live with a soul mate forever? nah. too painful. soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then leave. a soul mates purpose is to shake you up, tear apart your ego a little bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so new light can get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you have to transform your life, then introduce you to your spiritual master... | love
"who shall separate us from the love of christ? shall trouble or hardship or persecution or famine or nakedness or danger or sword? 36 as it is written: ""for your sake we face death all day long; we are considered as sheep to be slaughtered."" 37 no, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. 38 for i am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, 39 neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of god that is in christ jesus our lord. | bible, inspiration, love, truth"
some things are private. some things needed to be said, even when the person who needed to hear them couldn’t hear anything. ever again. | death, lost, love
...when you decide you want to be with someone forever, you want forever to start right now. | love, romance
"that's the big picture, your happiness. and health. you should never care what a man thinks of you -- until he demonstrates to you that he cares about making you happy. if he isn't trying to make you happy, then send him back from ""whence"" he came because winning him over will have no benefit. at the end of the day, happines, joy...and yes...your emotional stability...those comprise the only measuring stick you really need to have. | happiness, love, relationship, self-respect"
love is not a maybe thing, you know when you love someone. | celebrities, love, true-love
my wife with the hair of a wood firewith the thoughts of heat lightningwith the waist of an hourglasswith the waist of an otter in the teeth of a tigermy wife with the lips of a cockade and of a bunch of stars of the last magnitudewith the teeth of tracks of white mice on the white earthwith the tongue of rubbed amber and glassmy wife with the tongue of a stabbed hostwith the tongue of a doll that opens and closes its eyeswith the tongue of an unbelievable stonemy wife with the eyelashes of strokes of a child's writingwith brows of the edge of a swallow's nestmy wife with the brow of slates of a hothouse roofand of steam on the panesmy wife with shoulders of champagneand of a fountain with dolphin-heads beneath the icemy wife with wrists of matchesmy wife with fingers of luck and ace of heartswith fingers of mown haymy wife with armpits of marten and of beechnutand of midsummer nightof privet and of an angelfish nestwith arms of seafoam and of riverlocksand of a mingling of the wheat and the millmy wife with legs of flareswith the movements of clockwork and despairmy wife with calves of eldertree pithmy wife with feet of initialswith feet of rings of keys and java sparrows drinkingmy wife with a neck of unpearled barleymy wife with a throat of the valley of goldof a tryst in the very bed of the torrentwith breasts of nightmy wife with breasts of a marine molehillmy wife with breasts of the ruby's cruciblewith breasts of the rose's spectre beneath the dewmy wife with the belly of an unfolding of the fan of dayswith the belly of a gigantic clawmy wife with the back of a bird fleeing verticallywith a back of quicksilverwith a back of lightwith a nape of rolled stone and wet chalkand of the drop of a glass where one has just been drinkingmy wife with hips of a skiffwith hips of a chandelier and of arrow-feathersand of shafts of white peacock plumesof an insensible pendulummy wife with buttocks of sandstone and asbestosmy wife with buttocks of swans' backsmy wife with buttocks of springwith the sex of an irismy wife with the sex of a mining-placer and of a platypusmy wife with a sex of seaweed and ancient sweetmeatmy wife with a sex of mirrormy wife with eyes full of tearswith eyes of purple panoply and of a magnetic needlemy wife with savanna eyesmy wife with eyes of water to he drunk in prisonmy wife with eyes of wood always under the axemy wife with eyes of water-level of level of air earth and fire | love, perfection, poetry, surrealism
if i love you, i will carry for you all your pain, i will assume for you all your debts (in every definition of the word), i will protect you from your own insecurity, i will protect upon you all sorts of good qualities that you have never actually cultivated in yourself and i will buy christmas presents for your entire family. i will give you the sun and the rain, and if they are not available, i will give you a sun check and a rain check. i will give you all this and more, until i get so exhausted and depleted that the only way i can recover my energy is by becoming infatuated with someone else. | love
wine enters through the mouth,love, the eyes.i raise the glass to my mouth,i look at you,i sigh. | love, wine
i would rather a romantic relationship turn into contempt than turn into apathy. the passion in the extremities make it appear as though it once meant something. we grow from hot or cold, but lukewarm is the biggest insult. | apathy, breakup, caring, contempt, desire, extreme, hate, hot, love, lukewarm, passion, relationships, romance, scorn, uncaring
each of us is born with a box of matches inside us but we can't strike them all by ourselves | fire, love, lust, matches
if you follow the will of god, you know that in spite of all the terrible things that happen to you, you will never lose a final refuge. you know that the foundation of the world is love, so that even when no human being can or will help you, you may go on, trusting in the one that loves you. | god, hope, love
people aren't either wicked or noble. they're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict. | life
after all, my erstwhile dear,my no longer cherished,need we say it was not love,just because it perished? | love, poetry
poor fellow! i think he is in love with you.'i am not aware of it. and to me it is one of the most odious things in a girl's life, that there must always be some supposition of falling in love coming between her and any man who is kind to her... i have no ground for the nonsensical vanity of fancying everybody who comes near me is in love with me. | love, romance
she was my dream. she made me who i am, and holding her in my arms was more natural to me than my own heartbeat. i think about her all the time. even now, when i'm sitting here, i think about her. there could never have been another. | love
the unqualified truth is, that when i loved estella with the love of a man, i loved her simply because i found her irresistible. once for all; i knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that i loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be. once for all; i love her none the less because i knew it, and it had no more influence in restraining me, than if i had devoutly believed her to be human perfection . | blind, great-writers, love, truth
what we all want, really, is to be loved. that craving drives our worst behavior. | craving, desires, love, wants
love demands expression. it will not stay still, stay silent, be good, be modest, be seen and not heard, no. it will break out in tongues of praise, the high note that smashes the glass and spills the liquid. | love
better to put your heart on the line, risk everything, and walk away with nothing than play it safe. love is a lot of things, but “safe” isn’t one of them. | chances, dating, heart, love, playing-it-safe, positive-thinking, relationships, risk, taking-a-chance, taking-a-risk, the-single-woman
the reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. maybe they always have been and will be. maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. and maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. that means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come. | goodbye, inspiration, love
this is how the girl who couldn't speak and the man who couldn't see fell in love. | blind, love, see, speak
the best love in the world, is the love of a man. the love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! i don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. i am first and foremost me, but right after that, i am a mother. the best thing that i can ever be, is me. but the best gift that i will ever have, is being a mother. | inspirational, inspirational-quotes, inspiring, love, mother, motherhood, mothers, mothers-and-sons, real-love, sons-and-mothers, the-best-gift, the-greatest-gift, the-love-of-a-son, true-love
"anne laughed.""i don't want sunbursts or marble halls, i just want you. | love"
you’re in my every breath and every thought, intertwined so deep inside me that love’s not a strong enough word—you have my devotion, your name branded on my soul, my wolf yours to command. a hundred years? it’ll never be enough. i want eternity. | eternity, kiss-of-snow, love, nalini-singh
you'll have a good, secure life when being alive means more to you than security, love more than money, your freedom more than public or partisan opinion, when the mood of beethoven's or bach's music becomes the mood of your whole life … when your thinking is in harmony, and no longer in conflict, with your feelings … when you let yourself be guided by the thoughts of great sages and no longer by the crimes of great warriors … when you pay the men and women who teach your children better than the politicians; when truths inspire you and empty formulas repel you; when you communicate with your fellow workers in foreign countries directly, and no longer through diplomats... | bach, beethoven, diplomats, freedom, life, love, money, opinion, politicians, security, teachers, workers
we are who we are, be­cause of those we choose to love and be­cause of those who love us. | love
before i fellin love with words,with setting skies and singing birds—it was you i fellin love with first. | love, romance
things change. and friends leave. life doesn't stop for anybody. | change, life
love doesn't give you very many choices. when you love someone, you just want to be with them. if they break your heart, you will still love them. because hearts are easy to break, and though love is tender and sometimes fragile, love isn't. love sort of envelops you. it covers you like a giant shadow, then pulls you in like a blanket. you are so warm. the feeling surrounds you, and no matter how you feel, it is always there. you can't escape it. but you wouldn't want to. you are so, so safe. you can't remember the last time you were this happy. were you ever? this happy? every second you are apart feels like hours. sometimes, right before you fall asleep, you miss them so much it hurts. you ache for them. their warmth. their touch. their smell. you need them. when you can't sleep you wish and wish and wish that they would wake up and talk to you. when you dream of them, you wake up smiling. when pain stabs into you, you reach out for them. you cry to them, begging them to hold you and make it all go away, make everything go away. love addicts you to its feeling. you never, ever want to lose that feeling. sometimes the fear of losing love drives people to do crazy things. like buy a plane ticket. make a phone call. run out of a class. cry. write. laugh.because when you love someone, you really love them. you give them your whole heart. you trust them. you never want to be away from them. sometimes, you don't even need their words. you just need them there.love is such an amazing thing, and too many people take it for granted. if you're in love, don't let it go. don't you dare let it go. | life, love
a kiss on the beach when there is a full moon is the closest thing to heaven. | kiss, love
and he leans in, so carefully. breathingand not breathing and hearts beatingbetween us and he’s so close, he’s so close and i can’t feel my legs anymore. i can’t feel my fingers or the cold or the emptiness of this room because all i feel is him, everywhere,filling everything and he whispers“please.”he says “please don’t shoot me for this.”and he kisses me.his lips are softer than anything i've ever known, soft like a first snowfall, like biting into cotton candy, like melting and floating and being weightless in water. it’s sweet, it’sso effortlessly sweet.and then it changes.“oh god—”he kisses me again, this time stronger,desperate, like he has to have me, like he’s dying to memorize the feel of my lips against his own. the taste of him is making me crazy; he’s all heat and desire and peppermint and i want more. i've just begun reeling him in, pulling him into me when he breaks away.he’s breathing like he’s lost his mind andhe’s looking at me like something has brokeninside of him, like he’s woken up to find thathis nightmares were just that, that they never existed, that it was all just a bad dream that felt far too real but now he’s awake and he’s safe and everything is going to be okay andi’m falling.i’m falling apart and into his heart and i’m a disaster. | juliette, love, revelation, warner
what should i do about the wild and the tame? the wild heart that wants to be free, and the tame heart that wants to come home. i want to be held. i don't want you to come too close. i want you to scoop me up and bring me home at nights. i don't want to tell you where i am. i want to keep a place among the rocks where no one can find me. i want to be with you. | contradiction, heart, love
life is a series of pulls back and forth... a tension of opposites, like a pull on a rubber band. most of us live somewhere in the middle. a wrestling match...which side win? love wins. love always wins | life, love
to see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. if there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. to make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. to make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes. | beauty, connection, happiness, inspiration, love, religion, sex
"he sighed and then focused his eyes right on me. it was like drowning, drowning in seas of green. there was nothing in the world except for those eyes.""i want to kiss you, rose,"" he said softly. ""and i want you to want me too. | adrian-ivashkovn, love, vampire-academy"
love is not the absence of logicbut logic examined and recalculatedheated and curved to fitinside the contours of the heart | logic, love
shall i compare thee to a summer's day? thou art more lovely and more temperate: rough winds do shake the darling buds of may, and summer's lease hath all too short a date: sometimes too hot the eye of heaven shines, and too often is his gold complexion dimm'd: and every fair from fair sometimes declines, by chance or natures changing course untrimm'd; by thy eternal summer shall not fade, nor lose possession of that fair thou owest; nor shall death brag thou wander'st in his shade, when in eternal lines to time thou growest: so long as men can breathe or eyes can see, so long lives this and this gives life to thee. | love, shakespeare, youth
no matter how much you love someone, you still want to have you own way. | control, domination, life, love, relationships
growth in love comes from a place of absence, where the imagination is left to it’s own devices and creates you to be much more then reality would ever allow. | absence, heartbreak, jamie-weise, love, missing-someone, missing-you, missing-you-quotes, passion
"they send a person who can never stay,"" she whispered. ""who can never accept my offer of companionship for more than a little while. they send me a hero i can't help ... just the sort of person i can't help falling in love with.""...as i sailed into the lake i realized the fates really were cruel. they sent calypso someone she couldn't help but love. but it worked both ways. for the rest of my life i would be thinking about her. she would always be my biggest what if. | calypso, cruel, fates, love, percy-jackson, punishment, regret"
it is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being. | affection, alone, beauty, camaraderie, caring, caring-for-others, closeness, companionship, compassion, connectedness, connection, disconnection, empathy, estrangement, fellowship, friendship, friendship-quotes, hug, hugs, intimacy, isolation, kindness, kindred-spirits, loneliness, love, love-at-first-sight, love-quotes, lovers, loving, loving-someone, mirror, mutuality, partnership, reciprocal, reciprocity, reflected-in-you, relationship, relationship-quotes, relationships, romance, self-belief, self-esteem, self-hatred, self-realization, self-worth, self-worthiness, soul-mate, soulmates, togetherness, touch, twin-flames
‎and yet i have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that i am, into fire. | love, passion
when i walk, i walk with you. where i go, you're with me always. | faeries, family, fiction, love
"i don't care!"" harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. ""i've had enough, i've seen enough, i want out, i want it to end, i don't care anymore!""""you do care,"" said dumbledore. he had not flinched or made a single move to stop harry demolishing his office. his expression was calm, almost detached. ""you care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it. | ache, death, dumbledore, harry-potter, hurt, life, pain"
love is not finding someone to live with. it's finding someone you can't live without. | love
you were on the other side of the world, but i often woke with the scent of you surrounding me. i ached for you, kells. no matter how much kishan thrashed me, it couldn’t diminish the pain of losing you. i’d dream of you and reach out to touch you, but you were always just out of reach. | love, romance
"all the fires of hell could burn for a thousand years and it wouldn't equal what i feel for you in one minute of the day. i love you so much there is no pleasure in it. nothing but torment. because if i could dilute what i feel for you to the mil­lionth part, it would still be enough to kill you. and even if it drives me mad, i would rather see you live in the arms of that cold, soulless bastard than die in mine,"" merripen said to win. | love, merripen, museum, win"
"infantile love follows the principle: ""i love because i am loved."" mature love follows the principle: ""i am loved because i love."" immature love says: ""i love you because i need you."" mature love says: ""i need you because i love you. | art, immaturity, love, maturity, need"
i love you,’ he whispered, and kissed my brow. ‘thorns and all. | feyre, love, tamlin, thorns
you don't know when you're twenty-three.you don't know what it really means to crawl into someone else's life and stay there. you can't see all the ways you're going to get tangled, how you're going to bond skin to skin. how the idea of separating will feel in five years, in ten - in fifteen. when georgie thought about divorce now, she imagined lying side by side with neal on two operating tables while a team of doctors tried to unthread their vascular systems.she didn't know at twenty-three. | divorce, landline, love, marriage
men build too many walls and not enough bridges. | bigotry, bridges, compassion, culture, culture-wars, cultures, empathy, hate, hatred, inspirational, intolerance, love, men, misattributed, misattributed-to-isaac-newton, racism, separation, sympathy, tolerance, understanding, walls
"love is not lovewhich alters when it alteration finds,or bends with the remover to remove.o no, it is an ever-fixed markthat looks on tempests and is never shaken;it is the star to every wand'ring bark,whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken."" | constancy, love, poetry, sacrifice"
it’s hard to communicate anything exactly and that’s why perfect relationships between people are difficult to find. | love, relationships
to be loved but not known is comforting but superficial. to be known and not loved is our greatest fear. but to be fully known and truly loved is, well, a lot like being loved by god. it is what we need more than anything. it liberates us from pretense, humbles us out of our self-righteousness, and fortifies us for any difficulty life can throw at us. | bond, commitment, love, marriage
i prayed for all his dreams to come true. i prayed that i would always be able to connect with him--even if i was no longer on earth. | bethany-church, longing, love, xavier-woods
"some men die for lack of love…some die because of it. think about it."" - daemon | death, love"
i knew i loved you before i met youi think i dreamed you into lifei knew i loved you before i met youi have been waiting all my life | destiny, devotion, love
katniss: i’m coming back into focus when caesar asks him if he has a girlfriend back home. peeta: (gives an unconvincing shake of head.)caesar: handsome lad like you. there must be some special girl. come on, what’s her name?peeta: well, there is this one girl. i’ve had a crush on her ever since i can remember. but i’m pretty sure she didn’t know i was alive until the reaping.caesar: she have another fellow?peeta: i don’t know, but a lot of boys like her.caesar: so, here’s what you do. you win, you go home. she can’t turn you down, eh?peeta: i don’t think it’s going to work out. winning… won’t help in my case.caesar: why ever not?peeta: because… because… she came here with me.caesar: oh, that is a piece of bad luck.peeta: it’s not good.caesar: well, i don’t think any of us can blame you. it’d be hard not to fall for that young lady. she didn’t know?peeta: not until now. | hunger-games, love
it is a defect of god's humor that he directs our hearts everywhere but to those who have a right to them. | lady-croom, love
o, herewill i set up my everlasting rest,and shake the yoke of inauspicious starsfrom this world-wearied flesh. eyes, look your last!arms, take your last embrace! and, lips, o youthe doors of breath, seal with a righteous kissa dateless bargain to engrossing death! | death, kiss, love
"whatever happened to the dragon?""i mustered my primmest tone. ""he has a name, you know.""adrian pulled back and gave me a curious look. ""i didn't know, actually. what'd you decide on?""""hopper."" when adrian laughed, i added, ""best rabbit ever. he'd be proud to know his name is being passed on.""""yes, i'm sure he would. did you name the mustang too?""""i think you mean the ivashkinator.""he stared at me in wonder. ""i told you i loved you, right?""yes,"" i assured him. ""many times. | adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines, cute, funny, humour, love, richelle-mead, romance, romantic, sydney-sage, sydrian, the-indigo-spell"
for millions of years flowers have been producing thorns. for millions of years sheep have been eating them all the same. and it's not serious, trying to understand why flowers go to such trouble to produce thorns that are good for nothing? it's not important, the war between the sheep and the flowers? it's no more serious and more important than the numbers that fat red gentleman is adding up? suppose i happen to know a unique flower, one that exists nowhere in the world except on my planet, one that a little sheep can wipe out in a single bite one morning, just like that, without even realizing what he'd doing - that isn't important? if someone loves a flower of which just one example exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars. he tells himself 'my flower's up there somewhere...' but if the sheep eats the flower, then for him it's as if, suddenly, all the stars went out. and that isn't important? | flowers, importance, longing, love, protection, roses, sheep, stars, thorns, uniqueness, war
"dimitri's voice snapped my attention back to him. ""that's adrian ivashkov."" he said the name the same way everyone else did. ""yeah, i know.""""this is the second time i've seen you with him.""""yeah,"" i replied glibly. ""we hang out sometimes.""dimitri arched an eyebrow, then jerked his head back toward where we'd come from. ""you hang out in his room a lot?""several retorts popped into my head, and then a golden one took precedence. ""what happens between him and me is none of your business."" i managed a tone very similar to the one he'd used on me when making a similar comment about him and tasha. ""actually, as long as you're at the academy, what you do is my business.""""not my personal life. you don't have any say in that. | dimitri-belikov, love, rose-hathaway, vampire-academy"
you're not lost, kaylee. you can't ever be lost, because i'll always know where you are. and if i'm not there with you, i'm on my way, and nothing standing between us will be standing for very long. | love
if someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. but if i do not want me, the world is nothing but endings. | inspirational, lessons, life, love, perspective, self, thoughts
how many slams in an old screen door? depends how loud you shut it. how many slices in a bread? depends how thin you cut it. how much good inside a day? depends how good you live 'em. how much love inside a friend? depends how much you give 'em. | friend, friendship, good-day, how-many, how-much, life, live-well, love
for many, love is a two-sided coin. it can strengthen or stifle, expand or enfeeble, perfect or pauperize. when love is returned, we soar. we are taken to heights unseen, where it delights, invigorates, and beautifies. when love is spurned, we feel crippled, disconsolate, and bereaved. polish the coin and you will see only requited love on both sides. i was destined to love you and i will belong to you forever. | love, romance
maybe it's just hiding somewhere. or gone on a trip to come home. but falling in love is always a pretty crazy thing. it might appear out of the blue and just grab you. who knows — maybe even tomorrow. | falling-in-love, hiding, love, tomorrow, trip
such short little lives our pets have to spend with us, and they spend most of it waiting for us to come home each day. it is amazing how much love and laughter they bring into our lives and even how much closer we become with each other because of them. | animals, dogs, love, pets
let this hell be our heaven. | heaven, hell, love
love is honesty. love is a mutual respect for one another. | honesty, love, respect
love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. | attributed-no-source, love
and next time you're planning to injure yourself to get me attention, just remember that a little sweet talk works wonders. | clary, clary-and-jace, humor, jace, jace-and-clary, love
"blood of my blood,"" he whispered, ""and bone of my bone. you carry me within ye, claire, and ye canna leave me now, no matter what happens, you are mine, always, if ye will it or no, if ye want me or nay. mine, and i wilna let ye go. | love, marriage, romance, vows"
making love to me is amazing. wait, i meant: making love, to me, is amazing. the absence of two little commas nearly transformed me into a sex god.  | absence, amazement, amazing, commas, editing, funny, god, humor, love, lover, relationships, sex, sex-god, transform, transformation, word-junkies, writer, writing
i've never forgotten him. dare i say i miss him? i do. i miss him. i still see him in my dreams. they are nightmares mostly, but nightmares tinged with love. such is the strangeness of the human heart. i still cannot understand how he could abandon me so unceremoniously, without any sort of goodbye, without looking back even once. the pain is like an axe that chops my heart.  | goodbye, heart, love, pain
did you know i always thought you were braver than me? did you ever guess that that was why i was so afraid? it wasn't that i only loved some of you. but i wondered if you could ever love more than some of me. i knew i'd miss you. but the surprising thing is, you never leave me. i never forget a thing. every kind of love, it seems, is the only one. it doesn't happen twice. and i never expected that you could have a broken heart and love with it too, so much that it doesn't seem broken at all. i know young people look at me and think my youth seems so far away, but it's all around me, and you're all around me. tiger lily, do you think magic exists if it can be explained? i can explain why i loved you, i can explain the theory of evolution that tells me why mermaids live in neverland and nowhere else. but it still feels magic. the lost boys all stood at our wedding. does it seem odd to you that they could have stood at a wedding that wasn't yours and mine? it does to me. and i'm sorry for it, and for a lot, and i also wouldn't change it. it is so quiet here. even with all the trains and the streets and the people. it's nothing like the jungle. the boys have grown. everything has grown. do you think you will ever grow? i hope not. i like to think that even if i change and fade away, some other people won't. i like to think that one day after i die, at least one small particle of me - of all the particles that will spread everywhere - will float all the way to neverland, and be part of a flower or something like that, like that poet said, the one that your tik tok loved. i like to think that nothing's final, and that everyone gets to be together even when it looks like they don't, that it all works out even when all the evidence seems to say something else, that you and i are always young in the woods, and that i'll see you sometime again, even if it's not with any kind of eyes i know of or understand. i wouldn't be surprised if that is the way things go after all - that all things end happy. even for you and tik tok. and for you and me.always, your peterp.s. please give my love to tink. she was always such a funny little bug. | beautiful, growing-up, letters, love, peter-pan, remembering, tiger-lily
sensitive people usually love deeply and hate deeply. they don't know any other way to live than by extremes because thier emotional theromastat is broken. | adhd, anger, bipolar, disorders, extremes, feelings, hate, illness, love, mental-disorders, ocd, out-of-balance, sensitiveness
i want him to love me as much as i love him. | elena-gilbert, hope, love, romance, stefan-salvatore
to become vegetarian is to step into the stream which leads to nirvana. | life, love, misattributed, nature, vegan-vegetarian
often it is the most deserving people who cannot help loving those who destroy them. | love
it’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary. | dreams, imagination, inspirational, jason-mraz, life, love, test, truth
when love first happens, the individuals are giving each other energy unconsciously and both people feel buoyant and elated. that's the incredible high we call being ‘in love.’ unfortunately, once they expect this feeling to come from another person, they cut themselves off from the energy in the universe and begin to rely even more on the energy from each other--only now there doesn’t seem to be enough and so they stop giving each other energy and fall back into their dramas in an attempt to control each other and force the other’s energy their way. | energy, love
love, like everything else in life, should be a discovery, an adventure, and like most adventures, you don’t know you’re having one until you’re right in the middle of it. | adventure, adventures, adventures-in-love, catholic-author, discovery, experiences, first-love, life, life-changing, life-experience, life-lesson, love, romance, romantic, self-discovery, true-love
well, it seems to me that the best relationships - the ones that last - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. you know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. like a switch has been flicked somewhere. and the person who was just a friend is... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with. | friendship, love, men, relationships, women
tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. they are a sign of a pure heart. | grief, grieving, hope, loss, love, pain, sadness, strength, tears
books are to me as homemade tattoos are to an inmate. can't get enough of them. | books, humor, love, tattoos
the highest function of love is that it makes the loved one a unique and irreplaceable being. | logic, love
the difference between the love of a man and the love of a woman is that a man will always give reasons for loving, but a woman gives no reasons for loving. | gender-stereotypes, love, men-and-women, reasons
more smiling, less worrying. more compassion, less judgment. more blessed, less stressed. more love, less hate. | authentic-living, being-positive, blessed, compassion, hate, inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-quotes, judgment, less-more, life, life-purpose, life-quotes, living, love, mind, motivation, optimism, optimistic, positive, positive-affirmation, positive-life, positive-thinking, smile, smiles, spirituality, stress, stressed, worry, worrying
because love, love is never finished. it circles and circles, the memories out of order and not always complete. | love
love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,and therefore is winged cupid painted blind. | love
where there is great love, there are always miracles. | love
to love. to be loved. to never forget your own insignificance. to never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. to seek joy in the saddest places. to pursue beauty to its lair. to never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. to respect strength, never power. above all, to watch. to try and understand. to never look away. and never, never to forget. | life
it is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. | friendship, lack-of-friendship, lack-of-love, love, marriage, unhappy-marriage
when all is said and done, the weather and love are the two elements about which one can never be sure. | love, uncertainty, weather
i choose to love you in silence…for in silence i find no rejection,i choose to love you in loneliness…for in loneliness no one owns you but me,i choose to adore you from a distance…for distance will shield me from pain,i choose to kiss you in the wind…for the wind is gentler than my lips,i choose to hold you in my dreams…for in my dreams, you have no end. | love, love-quotes
i find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves. | be-yourself, change, choices, compassion, greatest-version, happiness, helping, love, relationships, success
such a little thing really, a kiss... most people don't give it a moment's consideration. they kiss on meeting, they kiss on parting, that simple touching of flesh is taken entirely for granted as a basic human right. | kiss, love
for the two of us, home isn't a place. it is a person. and we are finally home. | home, love, relationships, touching
if you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. if they don't, they never were. | life, love, romance
there's only one thing that can heal the heart... only one... it's love, gaara. | gaara, heal, heart, love, naruto, one
if love be rough with you, be rough with love. prick love for pricking and you beat love down. | love
but you've slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart. | love, maria-v-snyder, poison-study, valek
love me sweet with all thou art feeling, thinking, seeing; love me in the lightest part, love me in full being. | love
when we are in love, we are convinced nobody else will do. but as time goes, others do do, and often do do, much much better. | breaking-up, breakups, heartbreak, in-love, jamie-weise, love, love-story, passion, time-heals, trains, writing
sometimes i get real lonely sleeping with you. | loneliness, love, relationships, sex
i know my heart will never be the samebut i'm telling myself i'll be okay | breakups, couples, heartbreak, love, relationships
a kiss may ruin a human life | kiss, life, love
two things you will never have to chase: true friends & true love. | chasing, friends, friendship, knowing-your-worth, love, not-settling, positive-thinking, self-worth, stop-the-chase, the-single-woman, true-friends, true-love
oh, lizzy! do anything rather than marry without affection. | affection, duty, feelings, integrity, joy, love, marriage, matrimony, romance, self-determination
so long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, i would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend. | friendship, love, service
i think i fell in love with her, a little bit. isn't that dumb? but it was like i knew her. like she was my oldest, dearest friend. the kind of person you can tell anything to, no matter how bad, and they'll still love you, because they know you. i wanted to go with her. i wanted her to notice me. and then she stopped walking. under the moon, she stopped. and looked at us. she looked at me. maybe she was trying to tell me something; i don't know. she probably didn't even know i was there. but i'll always love her. all my life. | death, friends, love
you had to know a person well to make them laugh like that. | friendship, laughter, love
you think i wanted to fall for you? i stayed away from you! i gave him the chance to be with you! but there’s another part of me that asks what if? what if you’re not supposed to be with ren? what if you were supposed to be the answer to my prayers? not his! | love, romance
the greatest disease in the west today is not tb or leprosy; it is being unwanted, unloved, and uncared for. we can cure physical diseases with medicine, but the only cure for loneliness, despair, and hopelessness is love. there are many in the world who are dying for a piece of bread but there are many more dying for a little love. the poverty in the west is a different kind of poverty -- it is not only a poverty of loneliness but also of spirituality. there's a hunger for love, as there is a hunger for god. | inspiration, love, medicine, poverty, spirituality, uncaring
i'm telling you this for one reason and one reason only: no matter how sure you are of someone's love, it's always nice to hear it. | affection, affirmation, confirmation, love, lovers, nice, reason
from the first day i met her, she was the only woman to me. every day of that voyage i loved her more, and many a time since have i kneeled down in the darkness of the night watch and kissed the deck of that ship because i knew her dear feet had trod it. she was never engaged to me. she treated me as fairly as ever a woman treated a man. i have no complaint to make. it was all love on my side, and all good comradeship and friendship on hers. when we parted she was a free woman, but i could never again be a free man. | freedom, homes, love, love-at-first-sight, obsession, sadness, sherlock-holmes, slavery
her heart had grown so familiar to the pain of life without him, that to respond now seemed too large a pleasure she could not endure. if pain was love, then she loved fiercely. yet knew she could not be near that boy again. | breakup, jamie-weise, love, missing-you, passionate-living, romance
on the surface, i was calm: in secret, without really admitting it, i was waiting for something. her return? how could i have been waiting for that? we all know that we are material creatures, subject to the laws of physiology and physics, and not even the power of all our feelings combined can defeat those laws. all we can do is detest them. the age-old faith of lovers and poets in the power of love, stronger than death, that finis vitae sed non amoris, is a lie, useless and not even funny. so must one be resigned to being a clock that measures the passage of time, now out of order, now repaired, and whose mechanism generates despair and love as soon as its maker sets it going? are we to grow used to the idea that every man relives ancient torments, which are all the more profound because they grow comic with repetition? that human existence should repeat itself, well and good, but that it should repeat itself like a hackneyed tune, or a record a drunkard keeps playing as he feeds coins into the jukebox...must i go on living here then, among the objects we both had touched, in the air she had breathed? in the name of what? in the hope of her return? i hoped for nothing. and yet i lived in expectation. since she had gone, that was all that remained. i did not know what achievements, what mockery, even what tortures still awaited me. i knew nothing, and i persisted in the faith that the time of cruel miracles was not past. | love, science-fiction, solaris
i really don't see anything romantic in proposing. it is very romantic to be in love. but there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal. why, one may be accepted. one usually is, i believe. then the excitement is all over. the very essence of romance is uncertainty. if ever i get married, i'll certainly try to forget the fact. | humor, life, love, marriage
words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain. the best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak. | inspirational, love
he’s dozed off again, but i kiss him awake, which seems to startle him. then he smiles as if he’d be happy to lie there gazing at me forever. | forever, gaze, happy, hunger-games, kiss, love, smile
a perfect person is easy to love. but when somebody likes all your imperfections, well, that's when you know they really mean it. | humor, love, teens
maybe sometimes we can only see the truth about ourselves if someone shows us where to look. | love, mara-dyer, retribution-of-mara-dyer, romance
most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people. | being-human, happiness, human, human-nature, humanism, humanity, inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-attitude, inspirational-life, inspirational-quote, inspirational-quotes, inspire, inspiring, learning, life, life-and-living, life-lessons, life-philosophy, life-quotes, living, love, optimism, optimistic, positive, positive-affirmation, positive-life, positive-thinking
"no."" magnus strode toward him. ""i didn't call you because i'm tired of you only wanting me around when you need something. i'm tired of watching you be in love with someone else-someone, incidentally, who will never love you back. not the way i do. | love, unrequited-love"
she looks at the swings, and i can see she’s imagining what they’d look like if the kids weren’t there. the guilt of this holds her down momentarily. it appears to be there constantly. never far away, despite her love for them.i realize that nothing belongs to her anymore and she belongs to everything. | guilt, life, love
everybody has a home team: it’s the people you call when you get a flat tire or when something terrible happens. it’s the people who, near or far, know everything that’s wrong with you and love you anyways. these are the ones who tell you their secrets, who get themselves a glass of water without asking when they’re at your house. these are the people who cry when you cry. these are your people, your middle-of-the-night, no-matter-what people. | emotions, home, hope, love, people
pride had kept her running when love had betrayed her. | betrayal, love, pride
your inner strength is your outer foundation | inspirational, love, motivation, peace, personal-development, personal-growth, quotes, realization, self, self-discovery, self-help, spiritual-growth, upliftment
you were the missing piece of my soul, the breath in my lungs, and the blood in my veins. | andrew-parrish, letter, love
can he love her? can the soul really be satisfied with such polite affections? to love is to burn - to be on fire, like juliet or guinevere or eloise... | emotions, fire, love, politeness
after all, what is happiness? love, they tell me. but love doesn't bring and never has brought happiness. on the contrary, it's a constant state of anxiety, a battlefield; it's sleepless nights, asking ourselves all the time if we're doing the right thing. real love is composed of ecstasy and agony. | anxiety, happiness, love, torment
someone once wrote that a novel should deliver a series of small astonishments. i get the same thing spending an hour with you. | books, love
but that afternoon he asked himself, with his infinite capacity for illusion, if such pitiless indifference might not be a subterfuge for hiding the torments of love. | illusion, indifference, love, unrequited-love
"i'd sell my soul to have you. in my whole life, you'll always be what i wanted most.""~ hardy cates | hardy-cates, liberty-jones, love, sugar-daddy"
no matter how bad your heart is broken, the world doesn't stop for your grief. | grief, heart, heartbreak, love
these woods are lovely, dark and deep,but i have promises to keep,and miles to go before i sleep,and miles to go before i sleep. | life
do you think i'm pretty?i think you're beautifulbeautiful?you are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes. | beauty, love
i heard what you said. i’m not the silly romantic you think. i don’t want the heavens or the shooting stars. i don’t want gemstones or gold. i have those things already. i want…a steady hand. a kind soul. i want to fall asleep, and wake, knowing my heart is safe. i want to love, and be loved. | love, romance
i have loved to the point of madness; that which is called madness, that which to me, is the only sensible way to love. | love
and now i know why they invented words for love, why they had to: it's the only thing that can come close to describing what i feel in that moment, the baffling mixture of pain and pleasure and fear and joy, all running sharply through me at once. | love
the only way love can last a lifetime is if it's unconditional. the truth is this: love is not determined by the one being loved but rather by the one choosing to love. | agape, love, marriage, unconditional-love
love didn't make you weak, it made you stronger. | love
everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me! | inspirational, love
suddenly it was too hard to be in his presence, too painful to know that he would belong to someone else. | love
people die, i think, but your relationship with them doesn't. it continues and is ever-changing. | change, death, forever, life, love, relationships
a love story can never be about full possession. the happy marriage, the requited love, the desire that never dims--these are lucky eventualites but they aren't love stories. love stories depend on disappointment, on unequal births and feuding families, on matrimonial boredom and at least one cold heart. love stories, nearly without exception, give love a bad name.we value love not because it's stronger than death but because it's weaker. say what you want about love: death will finish it. you will not go on loving in the grave, not in any physical way that will at all resemble love as we know it on earth. the perishable nature of love is what gives love its importance in our lives. if it were endless, if it were on tap, love wouldn't hit us the way it does.and we certainly wouldn't write about it. | love
sam came around the side of the car and stopped dead when he saw me. “oh my god, what is that?” i used my thumb and middle finger to flick the multicolored pom-pom on top of my head. “in my language, we call it a hat. it keeps my ears warm.” “oh my god,” sam said again, and closed the distance between us. he cupped my face in his hands and studied me. “it’s horribly cute.” he kissed me, looked at the hat, and then he kissed me again. i vowed never to lose the pom-pom hat. | cute, funny, love, shiver-maggie-stiefvater-space
it’s like this…a starving man would gladly eat a radish, right? in fact, a radish would be a feast if that’s all he had. but if he had a buffet in front of him, the radish would never be chosen. | humor, love, romance
choice or no, my heart is his. | choice, hearts, love
it was many and many a year ago,in a kingdom by the sea,that a maiden there lived whom you may knowby the name of annabel lee;and this maiden she lived with no other thoughtthan to love and be loved by me.i was a child and she was a child,in this kingdom by the sea;but we loved with a love that was more than love-i and my annabel lee;with a love that the winged seraphs of heavencoveted her and me.and this was the reason that, long ago,in this kingdom by the sea,a wind blew out of a cloud, chillingmy beautiful annabel lee;so that her highborn kinsman cameand bore her away from me,to shut her up in a sepulchrein this kingdom by the sea.the angels, not half so happy in heaven,went envying her and me-yes!- that was the reason (as all men know,in this kingdom by the sea)that the wind came out of the cloud by night,chilling and killing my annabel lee.but our love it was stronger by far than the loveof those who were older than we-of many far wiser than we-and neither the angels in heaven above,nor the demons down under the sea,can ever dissever my soul from the soulof the beautiful annabel lee.for the moon never beams without bringing me dreamsof the beautiful annabel lee;and the stars never rise but i feel the bright eyesof the beautiful annabel lee;and so, all the night-tide, i lie down by the sideof my darling- my darling- my life and my bride,in the sepulchre there by the sea,in her tomb by the sounding sea. | beautiful, lost-love, love
love entered in my heart one daya sad, unwelcome guest.but when it begged that it might stayi let it stay and restit broke my nights with sorrowingit filled my heart with fearsand, when my soul was prone to sing,it filled my eyes with tears.but...now that it has gone its way,i miss the dear ole pain.and, sometimes, in the night i praythat love might come again. | heartache, love
for where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary | love
dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. | anne-eliot, captain-wentworth, love
he loved her because it was his nature to do so, but there were times when he could not endure her love for him. there were times when it became nothing but pure idiot mystery... | love
true friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them. | acceptance, affection, friendship, love, loyalty, power-of-love, secrets, true-friends, true-love, trust
the heart can think of no devotiongreater than being shore to the ocean-holding the curve of one position,counting an endless repetition. | devotion, love, poetry
the more fucked up you are, the more i like you. as long as you've managed to hold onto your identity through all the shit, then it won't matter how twisted you are. i will love you more for it. | dark, experiences, fucked-up, humor, identity, love, passion, twisted
i want him to see the flowers in my eyes and hear the songs in my hands. | love, unrequited-love
you make me smile like the sun, fall out bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in my head. spin like a record crazy on a sunday night. you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breath, shine like the sun buzz like a bee, just the thought of you can drive me wild. oh you make me smile. -uncle kracker- | humor, love, smile, song
think of it! we could have gone on longing for one another and pretending not to notice forever. this obsession with dignity can ruin your life if you let it. | dignity, love
lover? i don't know. i don't know if she loves me. i don't know if i love her. all i can say is, she's the one i think about. all the time. she's the voice i want to hear. she's the face i hope to see. | love
you have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince | love
neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. love, love, love, that is the soul of genius. | genius, love
i was feeling insecure you might not love me anymore | insecure, insecurity, love
love fades. mine has. | dimitri, love, rose
love may forgive all infirmities and love still in spite of them: but love cannot cease to will their removal. | forgiveness, love
you're my star, a stargazer too,and i wish that i were heaven,with a billion eyes to look at you! | love
the heart has its reasons which reason knows not. | heart, love, quip, reason
sometimes i wonder if my heart is like a black hole--it's so dense that there's no room for light, but that doesn't mean it can't still suck me in. | black-holes, depression, love, physics
i might appear confident and chatty, but i spend most of my time laughing at jokes i don't find funny, saying things i don't really mean - because at the end of the day that's what we're all trying to do: fit in, one way or another, desperately trying to pretend we're all the same. | bhie, forbidden, love, pretention, tabitha-suzuma
i love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out. i love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. i love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like i'm nuts. i love that after i spend the day with you, i can still smell your perfume on my clothes. and i love that you are the last person i want to talk to before i go to sleep at night. and it's not because i'm lonely, and it's not because it's new year's eve. i came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible. | crazy, declarations-of-love, foibles, future, harry-burns, in-love, life, love, marriage-proposal, new-year-s-eve, romance, sally-albright, simple-life, simple-pleasures, true-love, when-harry-met-sally
"she was right about something else too,"" dimitri said after a long pause. my back was to him, but there was a strange quality to his voice that made me turn around.""what's that?"" i asked.""that i do still love you.""with that one sentence, everything in the universe changed. | belikov, dimitri, hathaway, love, rose"
love chooses to believe the best about people. it gives them the benefit of the doubt. it refuses to fill in the unknowns with negative assumptions. and when our worst hopes are proven to be true, love makes every effort to deal with them and move forward. as much as possible, love focuses on the positive. | kendricks, love, love-dare
true love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning. | love, romance
emotion without reason lets people walk all over you | nalini singh, archangel's kiss
you have killed my love. you used to stir my imagination. now you don't even stir my curiosity. you simply produce no effect. i loved you because you were marvelous, because you had genius and intellect, because you realized the dreams of great poets and gave shape and substance to the shadows of art. you have thrown it all away. you are shallow and stupid | intelligence, love
the most confused you will ever get is when you try to convince your heart and spirit of something your mind knows is a lie. | acceptance, actions, beliefs, common-sense, confusion, disbelief, evidence, faith, family, hoping, life-purpose, love, mixed-signals, obvious, outrage, proof, reality, religion, sorrow, timing, truth, unrequited-love
ok. you fuck me, then snub me. you love me, you hate me. you show me a sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole. is this a pretty accurate description of our relationship. | love
i have little left in myself -- i must have you. the world may laugh -- may call me absurd, selfish -- but it does not signify. my very soul demands you: it will be satisfied, or it will take deadly vengeance on its frame. | love, obsession
the bottom line is that we never fall for the person we're supposed to. | falling-in-love, love
set the standard! stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself. | acceptance, commitment, expectations, love, motivational, respect, standard
"please mia,"" he implores. ""don't make me write a song. | gayle-forman, if-i-stay, love"
i am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but i know that when we die and it comes time for god to judge us, he will not ask, 'how many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'how much love did you put into what you did? | inspirational, love
goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes. because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation. | heart, love, seperation, soul
i fell in love with him. but i don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available to me. i stay with him because i choose to, every day that i wake up, every day that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. i choose him over and over again, and he chooses me. | agency, choices, love
my parents danced together, her head on his chest. both had their eyes closed. they seemed so perfectly content. if you can find someone like that, someone who you can hold and close your eyes to the world with, then you're lucky. even if it only lasts for a minute or a day. the image of them gently swaying to the music is how i picture love in my mind even after all these years. | love
i miss everything about youcan't believe that i still want youand after all the things we've been through | couples-heartbreak, love, missing-you, sad, song
the quickest path to self-destruction is to push away the people you love. | love, self-destruction
because isn’t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? he gets me. she gets me. isn’t that the simple magic phrase? | life, love, relationships
we have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love. | hate, love, religion
when you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count! | appreciation, gratitude, life, love, morning, seize-the-day, success
how beautiful would it be if we could just see souls instead of bodies? to see love and compassion instead of curves. | beautiful, beauty, bodies, body-image, compassion, curves, deeper-meaning, gorgeous, love, sexual, souls, vanity
when you love someone, you don't have a choice. love takes your choices away.- clary fray | cassandra-clare, clary-fray, love, mortal-instruments
you can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange. | love
you might be looking for reasons but there are no reasons. | friendship, love, reason, regret, suicide
but maybe you never really had someone, she thought now. maybe, no matter how much you loved them, they could slip through your fingers like water, and there was nothing you could do about it. | city-of-fallen-angels, clary-fray, lost, love
i am lost without you. i am soulless, a drifter without a home, a solitary bird in a flight to nowhere. i am all these things, and i am nothing at all. this, my darling, is my life without you. i long for you to show me how to live again. | alone, love, message-in-a-bottle, nicholas-sparks
truth without love is brutality, and love without truth is hypocrisy. | diplomacy, hypocrisy, love, tact, truth, truth-telling
i can feel peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'so now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' i turn into him. 'put you somewhere you can't get hurt. | love, romance
i've always loved you, and when you love someone, you love the whole person, just as he or she is, and not as you would like them to be. | anna-karenina, love, tolstoy
no man is offended by another man's admiration of the woman he loves it is the woman only who can make it a torment.  | jane-austen, literature, love, northanger-abbey
a friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. | friend, friendship, knowledge, love
"and so the lion fell in love with the lamb…"" he murmured. i looked away, hiding my eyes as i thrilled to the word.""what a stupid lamb,"" i sighed.""what a sick, masochistic lion. | bella, edward, love"
you, of all people, deserve a happy ending. despite everything that happened to you, you aren't bitter. you aren't cold. you've just retreated a little and been shy, and that's okay. if i were a fairy godmother, i would give you your heart's desire in an istant. and i would wipe away your tears and tell you not to cry.-rachel to julia | friendship, happiness, love
if there's a thing i've learned in my life it's to not be afraid of the responsibility that comes with caring for other people. what we do for love: those things endure. even if the people you do them for don't | life, life-lesson, love
we accept the love we think we deserve. | inspirational, love
i love you because no two snowflakes are alike, and it is possible, if you stand tippy-toe, to walk between the raindrops.  | love, poetry, rain, snow
that's when i finally got it. i finally understood. it wasn't the thought that counted. it was the actual execution that mattered, the showing up for somebody. the intent behind it wasn't enough. not for me. not anymore. it wasn't enough to know that deep down, he loved me. you had to actually say it to somebody, show them you cared. and he just didn't. not enough. | dependability, love, lovers, relationships
sometimes when i look at you, i feel i'm gazing at a distant star. it's dazzling, but the light is from tens of thousands of years ago.maybe the star doesn't even exist any more. yet sometimes that light seems more real to me than anything. | longing, love
there is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. there is time for work. and time for love. that leaves no other time. | art, creativity, life, love, monotony, passion, time, variety, work
it is easy to love people in memory the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.  | love
you can give without loving, but you can never love without giving. | giving, love
ah, love, let us be true to one another! for the world, which seems to lie before us like a land of dreams, so various, so beautiful, so new, hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light, nor certitude, nor peace, nor help for pain; and we are here as on a darkling plain swept with confused alarms of struggle and flight, where ignorant armies clash by night. | life, love, pain, poetry, struggle
love is bullshit. emotion is bullshit. i am a rock. a jerk. i'm an uncaring asshole and proud of it. | love
no matter what, nobody can take away the dances you've already had. | love
love is not blind that is the last thing that it is. love is bound and the more it is bound the less it is blind.  | love
oh to have you with me, to have you here, not to be alone, but to be with you, my beauty, you of all souls! you. | desire, loneliness, love
a broken heart is just the growing pains necessary so that you can love more completely when the real thing comes along. | broken-heart, broken-hearted-quotes, heart, heartache, lost-love, love, relationships, romance
but where was god now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the lord overthrown? i miss god. i miss the company of someone utterly loyal. i still don't think of god as my betrayer. the servants of god, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. i miss god who was my friend. i don't even know if god exists, but i do know that if god is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. i have an idea that one day it might be possible, i thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. if the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, i might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup. as it is, i can't settle, i want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and know that love is as strong as death, and be on my side for ever and ever. i want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me. there are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. but on the wild nights who can call you home? only the one who knows your name. romantic love has been diluted into paperback form and has sold thousands and millions of copies. somewhere it is still in the original, written on tablets of stone. i would cross seas and suffer sunstroke and give away all i have, but not for a man, because they want to be the destroyer and never the destroyed. | god, lgbt, life, love, philosophy, religion
i’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell,to die upon the hand i love so well. | helena, love
"you see,"" she concluded miserably, ""when i can call like that to him across space--i belong to him. he doesn't love me--he never will--but i belong to him. | belong, destiny, emily, love, love-story, lovers, soulmate, soulmates, space, teddy-kent"
i feel…and i have reason to believe…that we could come to mean something to each other. | love, romance
"i...i sang,"" she whispered, ""if that matters,"" and karou felt her heart pulled to pieces. this misbegotten warrior, fiercest of them all, had crouched in an icy stream bed to sing a chimera soul into her canteen, because she hadn't known what else to do.the singing wouldn't have mattered, but she wasn't going to tell liraz that. if ziri's soul was in that canteen, karou would happily learn whatever song liraz had sung and make it part of her resurrection ritual forever, just so that the angel would never feel that she'd been foolish. | butterly-in-a-bottle, glean, karou, liraz, love, singing, soul, ziri"
love is a wonderful gift. it's a present so precious words can barely begin to describe it. love is a feeling, the deepest and sweetest of all. it's incredibly strong and amazingly gentle at the very same time. it is a blessing that should be counted every day. it is nourishment for the soul. it is devotion, constantly letting each person know how supportive it's certainty can be. love is a heart filled with affection for the most important person in your life. love is looking at the special someone who makes your world go around and absolutely loving what you see. love gives meaning to one's world and magic to a million hopes and dreams. it makes the morning shine more brightly and each season seem like it's the nicest one anyone ever had. love is an invaluable bond that enriches every good thing in life. it gives each hug a tenderness, each heart a happiness, each spirit a steady lift. love is an invisible connection that is exquisitely felt by those who know the joy, feel the warmth, share the sweetness, and celebrate the gift!  | love
adam smiled cheerily. ronan would start wars and burn cities for that true smile, elastic and amiable. | adam-parrish, love, ronan-lynch, smile
"love. the reason i dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand.""- anna karenina {anna karenina} | love"
"i don't care,"" said seth. ""i would have done it. i would have sold my soul for you. you and me...i told you. something's always going to keep us near each other...even if we aren't together. | georgina, love, seth, soulmates"
it is important not to suppress your feelings altogether when you are depressed. it is equally important to avoid terrible arguments or expressions of outrage. you should steer clear of emotionally damaging behavior. people forgive, but it is best not to stir things up to the point at which forgiveness is required. when you are depressed, you need the love of other people, and yet depression fosters actions that destroy that love. depressed people often stick pins into their own life rafts. the conscious mind can intervene. one is not helpless. | anger, depression, emotions, feelings, forgiveness, love, outrage
it hurts to let go. sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. you feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. for having wanted to be wanted. it confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. you're left so alone that you can't explain. damn, there's nothing like that, is there? i've been there and you have too. you're nodding your head. | life, love, relationships
parents have this twisted belief that anyone under the age of about twenty simply can’t know what love is, like the age to love is assessed in the same way the law assesses the legal age to drink. they think that the ‘emotional growth’ of a teenager’s mind is too underdeveloped to understand love, to know if it’s ‘real’ or not.that's completely asinine. way. | love, parents, teenage-love
if you aren't the woman i think you are, then this isn't the world i thought it was. | geisha, love, memoirs, woman
"one day she marched around the side of the house and confronted me. ""i've seen you out there every day for the past week, and everyone knows you stare at me all day in school, if you have something you want to say to me why don't you just say it to my face instead of sneaking around like a crook?"" i considered my options. either i could run away and never go back to school again, maybe even leave the country as a stowaway on a ship bound for australia. or i could risk everything and confess to her. the answer was obvious: i was going to australia. i opened my mouth to say goodbye forever. and yet. what i said was: i want to know if you'll marry me. | love"
someone i loved once gave me a box full of darkness. it took me years to understand that this too, was a gift. | box, darkness, gift, love
once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering. | love
in my head i know i've been in love before, but it doesn't feel like it. being in love with you is better than the first time. it feels like the first time and the last time and the only time all at once. | love, madeline, olly
sometimes love is a surprise, an instant of recognition, a sudden gift at a sudden moment that makes everything different from then on. some people will say that's not love, that you can't really love someone you don't know. but, i'm not so sure. love doesn't seem to follow a plan; it's not a series of steps. it can hit with the force of nature--an earthquake, a tidal wave, a storm of wild relentless energy that is beyond your simple attempts at control. | love
i just don't see why the past has to matter. | alec-lightwood, history, love, magnus-bane, past
"love is the ultimate outlaw. it just won't adhere to any rules. the most any of us can do is to sign on as its accomplice. instead of vowing to honor and obey, maybe we should swear to aid and abet. that would mean that security is out of the question. the words ""make"" and ""stay"" become inappropriate. my love for you has no strings attached. i love you for free. | love"
if you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go. | love
everything want to be loved. us sing and dance and holler, just trying to be loved. | love
i'm guilty of giving people more chances than they deserve but when i'm done, i'm done. | chances, deserve, done, ending, guilty, leaving, letting-go, love, over, sad, truth
love is the only future god offers. | future, god, love
the heart is a strange beast and not ruled by logic. | emotions, love
you must learn to forgive a man when he's in love. he's always a nuisance. | life, love
it´s natural to want someone you love to do what you want, or what you think would be good for them, but you have to let everything happen to them. you can't interfere with people you love any more than you're supposed to interfere with people you don't even know. and that's hard, ..., because you often feel like interfering -you want to be the one who makes the plans. | love
"smirking, he says, ""whatever spell you just tried to cast on me, it didn't work, so i think you need to go back to hogwarts. | humour, love"
he is beauty, inside and out.he is the silver lining in a world of darkness.he is my light. | day, june, love
i make love with a focus and intensity that most people reserve for sleep. | focus, funny, humor, intense, intensity, love, make-love, men, not-romantic, relationships, reserve, romance, romantic, sex, sleep, sleeping, women, word-junkies
love is the most selfish of all the passions. | love, passions, selfishness
do you think we can be friends?” i asked.he stared up at the ceiling. “probably not, but we can pretend. | action, adventure, arthurian, arthurian-collection, camelot, coming-of-age, fairy-tales, fantasy, fiction, greek-mythology, history, love, magic, merlin, mermaid, mythology, novel, paranormal, paranormal-romance, poseidon, retellings, romance, sea-creatures, sword, sword-and-sorcery, teen, time-travel, urban-fantasy, wizards, women-s-fiction, ya, ya-fantasy, ya-paranormal, ya-romance, young-adult
time is how you spend your love. | love
she asked if i loved another woman, so i answered honestly and said, “dinner was great, but i could go for dessert. | dinner, food, funny, honesty, humor, love, relationships, word-junkies
when you love you wish to do things for. you wish to sacrifice for. you wish to serve. | love, self-sacrifice
soul meets soul on lovers lips. | love, romantic
i think in the end, you would have stayed with me, out of obligation...or maybe comfort. maybe i was safe to you, and you needed to feel that. i know how scared you get of the unknown. to you...i must be kind of a security blanket. do you see now, how that doesn't work for me? i don't want to be there, simply because the idea of me being gone is too...scary. i want to be someone's everything. i want fire and passion, and love that's returned, equally. i want to be someone's heart... even if it means breaking my own. | betrayal, denny-harris, hurt, love
unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart. | christina-westover, inspiration, life, lily-sauvage, love, muse, past-relationships, relationships, unrequited-love
"his hands are holding my cheeks, and he pulls back just to look me in the eye and his chest is heaving and he says, ""i think,"" he says, ""my heart is going to explode,"" and i wish, more than ever, that i knew how to capture moments like these and revisit them forever. because this.this is everything. | ahhhh, god, ignite, ignite-me, juliette, love, oh, ohgod, sexy, warner"
she did not believe he could have really gone, because for her, to leave the person you loved was impossible. | jodi-lynn-anderson, love, peter-pan, tiger-lily
"after dinner or lunch or whatever it was -- with my crazy 12-hour night i was no longer sure what was what -- i said, ""look, baby, i'm sorry, but don't you realize that this job is driving me crazy? look, let's give it up. let's just lay around and make love and take walks and talk a little. let's go to the zoo. let's look at animals. let's drive down and look at the ocean. it's only 45 minutes. let's play games in the arcades. let's go to the races, the art museum, the boxing matches. let's have friends. let's laugh. this kind of life like everybody else's kind of life: it's killing us. | life, love"
we are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck. but part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness.  | forgiveness, gratefulness, love
i realized i’m in love. it's always been right in front of me. | adrian-ivashkov, friends-to-lovers, love, realizations, relationships, sydney-sage
we’re all a little weird. and life is a little weird. and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love. | love, weirdness
lovers alone wear sunlight. | adoration, love, poetry
poets often describe love as an emotion that we can't control, one that overwhelms logic and common sense. that's what it was like for me. i didn't plan on falling in love with you, and i doubt if oyu planned on fallin gin love with me. but once we met, it was clear that neither of us could control what was happening to us. we fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. for me, love like that has happened only once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. i'll never forget a single moment of it. | love
sometimes it takes a heartbreak to shake us awake & help us see we are worth so much more than we're settling for. | breakups, dating, heartbreak, holding-out-for-the-best, letting-go, love, moving-on, not-settling, positive-thinking, relationships, settling, the-single-woman
you are, and always have been, my dream. | love
being with you and not being with you is the only way i have to measure time. | love, time
if you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes. | humor, love
you have been with me from the very first life. you are my first memory every time, the single thread in all of my lives. it`s you who makes me a person. | love
i don't want to be somebody's crush. if somebody likes me, i want them to like the real me, not what they think i am. | love, romance
think when it's all over it just comes back in flashes, you know? it's like a kaleidoscope of memories; it just all comes back. but he never does. i think part of me knew the second i saw him that this would happen. it's not really anything he said, or anything he did ― it was the feeling that came along with it. crazy thing is, i don't know if i'm ever going to feel that way again. but i don't know if i should. i knew his world moved too fast and burned too bright, but i just thought, 'how can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you?' maybe he knew that when he saw me. i guess i just lost my balance. i think that the worst part of it all wasn't losing him. it was losing me. | heartbreak, loss, love
...unrequited love does not die; it's only beaten down to a secret place where it hides, curled and wounded. for some unfortunates, it turns bitter and mean, and those who come after pay the price for the hurt done by the one who came before. | love, pain, unrequited-love
and we all know love is a glass which makes even a monster appear fascinating. | deception, fascination, love, men, monster, scorned, understanding, women
"i love you,"" i said, and stabbed him. | feyre, love, stabbed, tamlin"
tonight was... well, it was perfect for me too. you've turned my world upside down. i've fallen in love with you, chica, and it scares the fuckin' shit outta me. i've been shakin' all night, because i knew it.i've tried to deny it, to make you think i wanted you as a fake girlfriend, but that was a lie. | attraction, carlos, kiara, love, true-love
spending time with you showed me what i’ve been missing in my life. | love
when i despair, i remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. think of it--always. | despair, evil, goodness, inspirational, love, sadness, truth, victory
if all else perished, and he remained, i should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger. | loss, love
the way you're singing in your sleepthe way you look before you leapthe strange illusions that you keepyou don't knowbut i'm noticingthe way your touch turns into arcsthe way you slide into the darkthe beating of my open heartyou don't knowbut i'm noticing | love
love is illogical, love had consequences--i did this to myself, and i should be able to take it. | logic, love
well my gun fires seven different shades of shit, so what's your favorite color, punk? | fire, gun, hate, love, my-chemical-romance, my-way-home-is-through-you
we met less than a week ago and in that time i've done nothing but lie and cheat and betray you. i know. but if you give me a chance...all i want is to protect you. to be near you. for as long as i'm able. | betrayal, chances, friendship, intstalove-done-right, lies, love, lunar-chronicles, protection, scarlet, wolf
your truest friends are the ones who will stand by you in your darkest moments--because they're willing to brave the shadows with you--and in your greatest moments--because they're not afraid to let you shine. | friends, friendship, love, loyalty, truth
being in love, i find myself smiling for no reason at all... | love
once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky. | love, rainer-maria-rilke
"you have a... remarkable memory.""""i remember everything about you. you're the one who wasn't paying attention. | katniss, love, peeta"
we stood there, looking at each other, saying nothing. but it was the kind of nothing that meant everything. in his eyes, there was no trace of what had happened between us earlier and i could feel something inside me break.so that was that. we were finally, finally over.i looked at him, and i felt so sad, because this thought occurred to me: 'i will never look at you the same way again. i'll never be that girl again. the girl who comes running back every time you push her away, the girl who loves you anyway.'i couldn’t even be mad at him, because this was who he was. this was who he’dalways been. he’d never lied about that. he gave and then he took away. i felt it in the pit of my stomach, the familiar ache, that lost, regretful feeling only he could give me. i never wanted to feel it again. never, ever.maybe this was why i came, so i could really know. so i could say good-bye.i looked at him, and i thought, 'if i was very brave or very honest, i would tell him.'i would say it, so he would know it and i would know it, and i could never take it back. but i wasn’t that brave or honest, so all i did was look at him. and i think he knew anyway.'i release you. i evict you from my heart. because if i don't do it now, i never will.'i was the one to look away first. | breakup, goodbye, inspirational, letting-go, love, release, romance
love is a friendship set to music | love
the voice of love seemed to call to me, but it was a wrong number. | humor, love
and the story of love is a long sad tale ending in graves. | love
happiness, you see, its just an illusion of fate, a heavenly sleight of hand designed to make you believe in fairy tales. but there's no happily ever after. you'll only find happy endings in books. some books. | fate, happiness, happy-endings, love
and now i’m looking at you,” he said, “and you’re asking me if i still want you, as if i could stop loving you. as if i would want to give up the thing that makes me stronger than anything else ever has. i never dared give much of myself to anyone before – bits of myself to the lightwoods, to isabelle and alec, but it took years to do it – but, clary, since the first time i saw you, i have belonged to you completely. i still do. if you want me. | cassandra-clare, city-of-glass, clary, jace, love, mortal-instruments
belinda stared into the fire for some time, thinking about what she had in her life, and what she had given up; and whether it would be worse to love someone who was no longer there, or not to love someone who was. | love
each relationship between two persons is absolutely unique. that is why you cannot love two people the same. it simply is not possible. you love each person differently because of who they are and the uniqueness that they draw out of you. | love
i have a history of making decisions very quickly about men. i have always fallen in love fast and without measuring risks. i have a tendency not only to see the best in everyone, but to assume that everyone is emotionally capable of reaching his highest potential. i have fallen in love more times than i care to count with the highest potential of a man, rather than with the man himself, and i have hung on to the relationship for a long time (sometimes far too long) waiting for the man to ascend to his own greatness. many times in romance i have been a victim of my own optimism. | disappointment, love, romance
"it is a long way to ireland, janet, and i am sorry to send my little friend on such weary travels: but if i can't do better, how is it to be helped? are you anything akin to me, do you think, jane?""i could risk no sort of answer by this time: my heart was still. ""because, he said, ""i sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you - especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if i had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame. and if that boisterous channel, and two hundred miles or so of land some broad between us, i am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then i've a nervous notion i should take to bleeding inwardly. as for you, - you'd forget me. | love, romance"
yet, it had been dimitri’s gentleness and thoughtfulness mixed with that deadliness that made him so wonderful. the same hands that wielded stakes with such precision would carefully brush the hair out of my face. the eyes that could astutely spot any danger in the area would regard me wonderingly and worshipfully, like i was the most beautiful and amazing woman in the world. | blood-promise, dimitri, dimitri-belikov, gentleness, love, rose, rose-hathaway, roza, vampire-academy, wonderful
being with you never felt wrong. it's the one thing i did right. you're the one thing i did right. | crescendo, love, patch
one rarely falls in love without being as much attracted to what is interestingly wrong with someone as what is objectively healthy. | attraction, health, love, pathology, right, wrong
i am not an angel,' i asserted; 'and i will not be one till i die: i will be myself. mr. rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me - for you will not get it, any more than i shall get it of you: which i do not at all anticipate. | character, empowerment, flaws, freedom, gender, ideal-woman, identity, image, independence, integrity, love, men, realism, romance, self-awareness, self-determination, women
to be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return. to just give. that takes courage, because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt. | bravery, love
he loved her.jay heaton, her best friend since childhood was in love with her. he didn't say it but she knew that it was true.and the part that really freaked her out, the part that caught her completely off guard, is that he wasn't alone. because even though she'd been denying it for a long, long time, it had always been there... waiting beneath the surface of their friendship. and now that it was out there was no going back. and it was so weird to even be thinking it but...... she was in love with him too. | love
the desire to love someone always exceeds the desire to be loved by someone & that's exactly why we end up loving the person who doesn't deserve that love. | affairs, life, love, relationships
you promised, seaweed brain. we would not get separated! ever again!” “you’re impossible!” “love you too! | annabeth, love, percabeth, percy-jackson
love is scary: it changes it can go away. that's the part of the risk. i don't want to be scared anymore. | be-brave, embrace-change, love, take-the-risk
"that was when it was all made painfully clear to me. when you are a child, there is joy. there is laughter. and most of all, there is trust. trust in your fellows. when you are an adult...then comes suspicion, hatred, and fear. if children ran the world, it would be a place of eternal bliss and cheer. adults run the world; and there is war, and enmity, and destruction unending. adults who take charge of things muck them up, and then produce a new generation of children and say, ""the children are the hope of the future."" and they are right. children are the hope of the future. but adults are the damnation of the present, and children become adults as surely as adults become worm food. adults are the death of hope. | adulthood, adults, childhood, children, distrust, hatred, leadership, love, maturity, peace, suspicion, trust, war"
why is it so hard to articulate love yet so easy to express disappointment? | articulate, disappointment, love
he’s not perfect. you aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. but if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. he isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. don’t analyze. smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. love hard when there is love to be had. because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you. | inspirational, love
okay, then i’ll just say i love you. there is nothing in this world more important to me than you are. i’m only content when you’re near. my whole purpose is to be what you need me to be. it’s not poetry, but it’s from my heart. will that do? | love, romance
i'm saying that i'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and i want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who i am, and you're what i need. | humor, love
love is the most powerful force in the world. that love can do anything. | jace-wayland, love
falling in love in a christian way is to say,'i am excited about your future and i want to be part of getting you there. i'm signing up for the journey with you. would you sign up for the journey to my true self with me? it's going to be hard but i want to get there. | falling-in-love, keller, love, relationships
the best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. and that's what you've given me. that's what i'd hoped to give you forever | love, nicholas-sparks, romance, the-notebook
every life needs a little space. it leaves room for good things to enter it. | friendship, love
he studied my appearance carefully. “you cut your hair.” “yes. do you like it?” “that depends. how long is it?” i pulled a curl down and showed him it ended just past my shoulder. he grunted, “that’s still long enough, so i like it.” “long enough for what?” “long enough for a man to run his hands through. | humor, love, romance
love is blindand lovers cannot see the pretty follies that themselves commit | love
i cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. it is too long ago. i was in the middle before i knew that i had begun. | love, romance
of all our games, love's play is the only one which threatens to unsettle the soul... | love
someone can be madly in love with you and still not be ready. they can love you in a way you have never been loved and still not join you on the bridge. and whatever their reasons you must leave. because you never ever have to inspire anyone to meet you on the bridge. you never ever have to convince someone to do the work to be ready. there is more extraordinary love, more love that you have never seen, out here in this wide and wild universe. and there is the love that will be ready. | inspire, love
you can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving. | giving, love, memory
the only love that i really believe in is a mother’s love for her children. | children, emotion, feelings, kids, love, mom, mother
"we could do it, you know.""""what?""""leave the district. run off. live in the woods. you and i, we could make it. | life, love, survival, ya, young-adult"
when you drop a glass or a plate to the ground it makes a loud crashing sound. when a window shatters a table leg breaks or when a picture falls off the wall it makes a noise. but as for your heart when that breaks it s completely silent. you would think as it s so important it would make the loudest noise in the whole world or even have some ... read moresort of ceremonious sound like the gong of a cymbal or the ringing of a bell. but it s silent and you almost wish there was a noise to distract you from the pain. if there is a noise it s internal. it screams and no one can hear it but you. it screams so loud your ears ring and your head aches. it trashes around in your chest like a great white shark caught in the sea it roars like a mother bear whose cub has been taken. that s what it looks like and that s what it sounds like a trashing panicking trapped great big beast roaring like a prisoner to its own emotions. but that s the thing about love no one is untouchable. | book, cecelia-ahernt, if-you-could-see-me-now, love
disappointments in love, even betrayals and losses, serve the soul at the very moment they seem in life to be tragedies. the soul is partly in time and partly in eternity. we might remember the part that resides in eternity when we feel despair over the part that is in life. | betrayal, disappointment, love, soul, tragedies
if she's amazing, she won't be easy. if she's easy, she won't be amazing. if she's worth it, you wont give up. if you give up, you're not worthy. ... truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for. | inspirational, love
i fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart. | love, separation
i love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. i love you. | inspirational, love, romantic
true love is born from understanding. | buddha, compassion, love, understanding
no woman wants to be in submission to a man who isn't in submission to god! | christian, god, love, marriage, men, religion, spirituality, women
love is a rebellious bird that nobody can tame. | ficbookreview-s-fave, love, romance
sometimes, remembering hurts too much. | love, memories, remembering
i'm sorry. i know you loved her. it was hard not to. | love
there are only two ways to live your life. one is as though nothing is a miracle. the other is as though everything is a miracle. | attributed-no-source, inspirational, life, live, miracle, miracles
when someone beats a rug,the blows are not against the rug, but against the dust in it. | corporeal-punishment, love, love-is-like-a-lawsuit, rumi
i'm lonely. why do you think i had to learn to act so independent? i also get mad too quickly, and i hog the covers, and my second toe is longer than my big one. my hair has it's own zip code. plus, i get certifiably crazy when i've got pms. you don't love someone because they're perfect. you love them in spite of the fact that they're not. | love
i don't want to live, i want to love first and live incidentally. | incidental, life, love
one day spent with someone you love can change everything. | change, love, time
life's under no obligation to give us what we expect. | expectation, hope, life
you'll never love yourself half as much as i love you and you'll never treat yourself right darling but i want ya too if i let you knoooowww im here for you then maybe you'll love yourself like i love you ohhhhh | i-love-you, i-love-you-no-matter-what, little-things, love
i might kiss you.i might be bad at it.that's not possible. | love
damn you, spoilt creature; i shan’t make you love me any the more by giving myself away like this. | correspondence, love, writers
love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything | love
lost love is still love. it takes a different form, that's all. you can't see their smile or bring them food or tousle their hair or move them around a dance floor. but when those senses weaken another heightens. memory. memory becomes your partner. you nurture it. you hold it. you dance with it. | love
love. it was the beginning and end of everything, the foundation and the ceiling and the air in between. | love
get up, shahrzad al-khayzuran. you kneel before no one. least of all me. | calipha, khalid, love, love-quotes, lovers, romance
the love of learning, the sequestered nooks,and all the sweet serenity of books | books, learning, love, serenity
"fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up. i've seen it. it's fascinating."" he releases me but doesn't pull away, his hand grazing my jaw, my neck. ""sometimes i just...want to see it again. want to see you awake. | inspirational, love"
if in thirst you drink water from a cup, you see god in it. those who are not in love with god will see only their own faces in it. | god, love
"mama, mama, help me get homei'm out in the woods, i am out on my own.i found me a werewolf, a nasty old muttit showed me its teeth and went straight for my gut.mama, mama, help me get homei'm out in the woods, i am out on my own.i was stopped by a vampire, a rotting old wreckit showed me its teeth and went straight for my neck.mama, mama, put me to bedi won't make it home, i'm already half-dead.i met an invalid, and fell for his arthe showed me his smile, and went straight for my heart.-from ""a child's walk home,"" nursery rhymes and folk tales | love, vampire, werewolf"
let me die the moment my love dies. let me not outlive my own capacity to love. let me die still loving, and so, never die. | die, love
what she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst. | adoration, infatuation, love
he is both the source of my happiness and the one i want to share it with. | isaac, love
...love is the sum of our choices, the strength of our commitments, the ties that bind us together. | love
i'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. if i'm late start without me. | cool, fun, love, sex, time
productiveness is your acceptance of morality, your recognition of the fact that you choose to live--that productive work is the process by which man's consciousness controls his existence, a constant process of acquiring knowledge and shaping matter to fit one's purpose, of translating an idea into physical form, of remaking the earth in the image of one's values--that all work is creative work if done by a thinking mind, and no work is creative if done by a blank who repeats in uncritical stupor a routine he has learned from others--that your work is yours to choose, and the choice is as wide as your mind, that nothing more is possible to you and nothing less is human--that to cheat your way into a job bigger than your mind can handle is to become a fear-corroded ape on borrowed motions and borrowed time, and to settle down into a job that requires less than your mind's full capacity is to cut your motor and sentence yourself to another kind of motion: decay--that your work is the process of achieving your values, and to lose your ambition for values is to lose your ambition to live--that your body is a machine, but your mind is its driver, and you must drive as far as your mind will take you, with achievement as the goal of your road--that the man who has no purpose is a machine that coasts downhill at the mercy of any boulder to crash in the first chance ditch, that the man who stifles his mind is a stalled machine slowly going to rust, that the man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap, and the man who makes another man his goal is a hitchhiker no driver should ever pick up--that your work is the purpose of your life, and you must speed past any killer who assumes the right to stop you, that any value you might find outside your work, any other loyalty or love, can be only travelers you choose to share your journey and must be travelers going on their own power in the same direction. | creativity, intellect, life, love, loyalty, morality, productivity, work
you are mine,i am yours; you may be sure of this. you've been locked inside my heart, the key has been thrown away; within it, you must always stay.  | love
oh, you made an impression. like a stone caught in my boot. | love
"oh, lily,"" he says shaking his head. ""i know about love. about wanting and dreaming and wishing with every part of your soul. i know enough to reconize the parts that are real and teh parts that are only in my fantasy."" ge turns his head slightly to face me, and i find myself saying,""l-like what?""""like when she cries and my heart tears in to little shreds, and all i can think of is making her forget the source of her sadness."" his face is blank, emotionless. his words -and the underlying emotion bombarding me through the bond- more than make up for it. ""that's real.""my voice is barely a whisper when i ask, ""and fantasy?""""believing she'll ever feel the same way. | love"
you only need one man to love you. but him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. only one man and all of this. | inspirational, inspirational-love, inspiring, love, men, passion, real-love, the-love-of-a-man, true-love
when you were in love, you were capable of learning everything and of knowing things you had never dared even to think, because love was the key to understanding all of the mysteries. | love, understanding
one of the things that makes me who i am is the loyalty i have to people i hold close to my heart. | fidelity, love
‎i never wanted to have anything in my life that i couldn't stand losing. but it's too late for that. | love
half the night i waste in sighs,half in dreams i sorrow afterthe delight of early skies;in a wakeful dose i sorrowfor the hand, the lips, the eyes,for the meeting of the morrow,the delight of happy laughter,the delight of low replies. | love, sorrow
right now, i had everything i could ask for. it wasn't a long list, but it was a very satisfying one, starting with the love of my life back in my arms. | life, love
we are born to love as we are born to die, and between the heartbeats of those two great mysteries lies all the tangled undergrowth of our tiny lives. there is nowhere to go but through. and so we walk on, lost, and lost again, in the mapless wilderness of love. | fiction, love
everyone always wants to know how you can tell when it's true love, and the answer is this: when the pain doesn't fade and the scars don't heal, and it's too damned late. | hurt, love, pain, scars, true, true-love
i have decided to stick to love...hate is too great a burden to bear. | hate, love
know that it is a corpse who loves you and adores you and will never, never leave you!...look, i am not laughing now, crying, crying for you, christine, who have torn off my mask and who therefore can never leave me again!...oh, mad christine, who wanted to see me! | corpse, crying, face, gaston-leroux, love, mask, phantom-of-the-opera
i wanted to be his life preserver, the thing that would keep him afloat. instead, he became my anchor. and i’m tired of drowning. | hurt, love, romance, teen, ya
meghan,” whispered a voice, heart wrenchingly familiar, drawing me out of the void. i recognized it immediately, just as i realized it was a figment of my desperate imagination, because the real owner of that voice would never be here, talking to me.ash?“wake up,” he murmured, his deep voice cutting through the layers of the darkness. “don’t do this. if you don’t come out of this soon, you’ll fade away and drift forever. fight it. come back to us.”i didn’t want to wake up. there was nothing but pain waiting for me in the real world. if i was asleep, i couldn’t feel anything. if i was asleep, i didn’t have to face ash and the cold contempt on his face when he looked at me. darkness was my retreat, my sanctuary. i drew back from ash’s voice, deeper into the comforting blackness. and, through the layer of dreams and delirium, i heard a quiet sob.“please.” a hand gripped mine, real and solid, anchoring me to the present. “i know what you must think of me, but…” the voice broke off, took a ragged breath. “don’t leave,” it whispered. “meghan, don’t go. come back to me. | ash, love, meghan
i’ve become skeptical of the unwritten rule that just because a boy and girl appear in the same feature, a romance must ensue. rather, i want to portray a slightly different relationship, one where the two mutually inspire each other to live - if i’m able to, then perhaps i’ll be closer to portraying a true expression of love. | friendship, love, romance
human relationships always help us to carry on because they always presuppose further developments, a future - and also because we live as if our only task was precisely to have relationships with other people. | future, love, relationships, society
real isn't how you are made,' said the skin horse. 'it's a thing that happens to you. when a child loves you for a long, long time, not just to play with, but really loves you, then you become real.''does it hurt?' asked the rabbit. 'sometimes,' said the skin horse, for he was always truthful. 'when you are real you don't mind being hurt.' 'does it happen all at once, like being wound up,' he asked, 'or bit by bit?' 'it doesn't happen all at once,' said the skin horse. 'you become. it takes a long time. that's why it doesn't happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. generally, by the time you are real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. but these things don't matter at all, because once you are real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand. | acceptance, ageing, authenticity, becoming, being-loved, being-real, love
love.because of you, in gardens of blossomingflowers i ache from the perfumes of spring.i have forgotten your face, i no longerremember your hands; how did your lipsfeel on mine?because of you, i love the white statuesdrowsing in the parks, the white statues thathave neither voice nor sight.i have forgotten your voice, your happy voice;i have forgotten your eyes.like a flower to its perfume, i am bound tomy vague memory of you. i live with painthat is like a wound; if you touch me, you willmake to me an irreperable harm.your caresses enfold me, like climbingvines on melancholy walls.i have forgotten your love, yet i seem toglimpse you in every window.because of you, the heady perfumes ofsummer pain me; because of you, i againseek out the signs that precipitate desires:shooting stars, falling objects. | love, poetry
i belong to my beloved, and my beloved is mine. | love, romance
good night, good night! parting is such sweet sorrow, that i shall say good night till it be morrow. | infatuation, love, passion
nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. | humanity, life, mankind, mortality
please-tame me!' he said.'i want to, very much,' the little prince replied. 'but i have not much time. i have friends to discover, and a great many things to understand.''one only understands the things that one tames,' said the fox. 'men have no more time to understand anything. they buy things all ready made at the shops. but there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and so men have no friends any more. if you want a friend, tame me.''what must i do, to tame you?' asked the little prince.'you must be very patient,' replied the fox. 'first you will sit down at a little distance from me-like that-in the grass. i shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. words are the source of misunderstandings. but you will sit a little closer to me, every day... | love
all the problem of women, starts with men. all the problem of men, ends with women. | inspirational, love, men, problem, women
if the concept of god has any validity or any use, it can only be to make us larger, freer, and more loving. if god cannot do this, then it is time we got rid of him. | god, love, religion
"i don't know if anyone's ever told you this"", he begins. he doesn't blush, and his eyes don't dart away. instead i find myself staring into a pair of oceans - one perfect, the other blemished by that tiny ripple. ""you're very attractive."" catches me off guard. but it startles me so much that without thinking i blurt out, ""i could say the same about you."" i pause. ""in case you didn't know.""a slow grin spreads across his face. ""oh, trust me. i know. | flirting, humor, love"
but is it such a bad thing to live like this for just a little while? just for a few months of one's life, is it so awful to travel through time with no greater ambition than to find the next lovely meal? or to learn how to speak a language for no higher purpose than that it pleases your ear to hear it? or to nap in a garden, in a patch of sunlight, in the middle of the day, right next to your favourite fountain? and then to do it again the next day? | eat, from, love, pray
never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary. | love, ordinary, people
to the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world. | devotion, inspirational, love
"love? i need a lot of love.""of course you do. everyone does. it's funny that we never say it. it's ok to scream, 'i'm starving' in public if you are hungry; it's ok to make a fuss and say, 'i'm so sleepy', if you are tired; but somehow we cannot say, 'i need some more love.' why can't we say it? it's just as basic a need. | love"
"marveling at his own boldness, he said softly, ""i would enter your sleep if i could, and guard you there, and slay the thing that hounds you, as i would if it had the courage to face me in fair daylight. but i cannot come in unless you dream of me. | love"
i do love nothing in the world so well as you- is not that strange? | love
it is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important. | caring, inspirational, love, roses, time
"you think i'm cute?"" he said thinkly, pulling on her hand.she was glad he couldn't see her face. ""i think you're...""beautiful. breathtaking. like the person in a greek myth who makes one of the gods stop caring about being a god. | beauty, love"
just because you're beautiful and perfect, it's made you conceited. | absurd, beauty, conceit, humor, love
everything that happens to you matters to me. | care, clary-fray, jace, love, teens
the sun's gone dim, and the moon's gone black. for i loved him, and he didn't love back. | love
to love a man enough to help him, you have to forfeit the warm, self-righteous glow that comes from judging. | judging, love
by night, love, tie your heart to mine, and the two together in their sleep will defeat the darkness | darkness, love, poetry
but this girl...she doesn’t feel pointless. she’s real and she’s beautiful and she fits perfectly when she’s in my arms. she makes me want to feel. | love, new-adult, new-adult-romance, romance
the opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. the opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. the opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. and the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference. | activism, apathy, hate, indifference, inspirational, love, opposite, philosophy
"i told you,"" he whispers back. i can feel his breath just tickling the space behind my ear, making my hair prick up on my neck. ""i like you.""""you don't know me,"" i say quickly.""i want to, though. | alex-sheathes, delirium, lauren-oliver, lena-holoway, love"
i understand addiction now. i never did before, you know. how could a man (or a woman) do something so self-destructive, knowing that they’re hurting not only themselves, but the people they love? it seemed that it would be so incredibly easy for them to just not take that next drink. just stop. it’s so simple, really. but as so often happens with me, my arrogance kept me from seeing the truth of the matter.i see it now though.every day, i tell myself it will be the last. every night, as i’m falling asleep in his bed, i tell myself that tomorrow i’ll book a flight to paris, or hawaii, or maybe new york. it doesn’t matter where i go, as long as it’s not here. i need to get away from phoenix—away from him—before this goes even one step further.and then he touches me again, and my convictions disappear like smoke in the wind.this cannot end well. that’s the crux of the matter, sweets. i’ve been down this road before—you know i have—and there’s only heartache at the end. there’s no happy ending waiting for me like there was for you and matt. if i stay here with him, i will become restless and angry. it’s happening already, and i cannot stop it. i’m becoming bitter and terribly resentful. before long, i will be intolerable, and eventually, he’ll leave me. but if i do what i have to do, what my very nature compels me to do, and move on, the end is no better. one way or another, he’ll be gone. is it not wiser to end it now, sweets, before it gets to that point? is it not better to accept that this happiness i have is destined to self-destruct?tomorrow i will leave. tomorrow i will stop delaying the inevitable. tomorrow i will quit lying to myself, and to him. tomorrow.what about today, you ask? today it’s already too late. he’ll be home soon, and i have dinner on the stove, and wine chilling in the fridge. and he will smile at me when he comes through the door, and i will pretend like this fragile, dangerous thing we have created between us can last forever.just one last time, sweets. just one last fix. that’s all i need.and that is why i now understand addiction. | addiction, gay, leaving, love
if i know what love is, it is because of you. | love
respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be. | love, respect
i love you, marks. my heart is completely and utterly yours. and unfortunately for you, the rest of me comes with it. | hathaway, lisa-kleypas, love
i wondered what happened when you offered yourself to someone, and they opened you, only to discover you were not the gift they expected and they had to smile and nod and say thank you all the same. | dating, julia-romano, love, unrequited
the language of love letters is the same as suicide notes. | death, language, love, suicide
a busy, vibrant, goal-oriented woman is so much more attractive than a woman who waits around for a man to validate her existence. | being-single, dating, goals, hard-to-get, holding-out-for-the-best, love, loving-yourself, not-settling, playing-hard-to-get, positive-thinking, relationships, single, single-life, single-woman, singleness, standards, the-single-woman, validation
from the stars, to the stars. | love
when love beckons to you, follow him,though his ways are hard and steep.and when his wings enfold you yield to him,though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.and when he speaks to you believe in him,though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden...but if in your fear you would seek only love’s peace and love’s pleasure,then it is better for you that you cover your nakedness and pass out oflove’s threshing-floor,into the seasonless world where you shall laugh, but not all of your laughter, and weep, but not all of your tears...but if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires:to melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.to know the pain of too much tenderness.to be wounded by your own understanding of love;and to bleed willingly and joyfully. | love, poetry
"jace looked as if she had slapped him. ""why are you determined not to believe us?""""because she loves you,"" said valentine.clary felt the blood drain out of her face. | clary-fray, forbidden-love, jace-wayland, love, valentine"
you know i meant it. i am human. and male. and not remotely blind. do you want me to say it again? you are distractingly, even if-that-is-not-a-real-word pretty. you are so pretty that i bullied clay whitaker into drawing me a picture of you so i could look at you when you aren't around. you are so pretty that one of these days i'm going to lose a finger in my garage because i can't concentrate with you so close to me. you are so pretty that i wish you weren't so i wouldn't want to hit every guy at school who looks at you, especially my best friend. | love
maybe i was destined to forever fall in love with people i couldn’t have. maybe there’s a whole assortment of impossible people waiting for me to find them. waiting to make me feel the same impossibility over and over again. | impossible, love, love-hurts, unrequited-love
tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all. | love, paraphrase-of-congreve
missing someone, they say, is self-centered.i self-center you more than ever. | fun-with-language, love, missing
believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it. | faith, love, strength
ten long trips around the sun since i last saw that smile, but only joy and thankfulness that on a tiny world in the vastness, for a couple of moments in the immensity of time, we were one. | ann-druyan, appreciation, carl-sagan, life, loss, love, memory, nostalgia, remember
so then i thought, i'd like you to have something to remember me by, you know, if you ever meet some veela when you're off doing whatever you're doing.'i think dating opportunities are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be honest.'there's a silver lining i've been looking for,' she whispered, and then she was kissing him as she never kissed him before, and harry was kissing her back, and it was a blissful oblivion, better than firewhiskey; she was the only real thing in the world, ginny, the feel of her, one hand on her back, the other in her long sweet-smelling hair... | kiss, love
ultimately, it is the desire, not the desired, that we love. | desire, love
"i am the most miserable person who ever lived,"" he said... ""you are young, and in love,"" said primus. ""every young man in your position is the most miserable young man who ever lived. | love, misery"
"hearts are breakable,"" isabelle said. ""and i think even when you heal, you're never what you were before"". | broken-hearted, healing, heartbreak, inspirational, love"
i mean, at the end of the day, what the hell does it matter who i end up with if it can't be you? | heartbreak, hope, lochan, love, maya
love is how you stay alive, even after you are gone. | death, immortality, love
marry me, kiara,” he blurts out in front of everyone.“why?” she asks, challenging him.“because i love you,” he says, walking up to her and bending down on one knee while he takes her hand in his, “and i want to go to sleep with you every night and wake up seein’ your face every mornin’, i want you to be the mother of my children, i want to fix cars with you and eat your crappy tofu tacos that you think are mexican. i want to climb mountains with you and be challenged by you, i want to argue with you just so we can have crazy hot makeup sex. marry me, because without you i’d be six feet under … and because i love your family like they’re my own … and because you’re my best friend and i want to grow old with you.” he starts tearing up, and it’s shocking because i’ve never seen him cry. “marry me, kiara westford, because when i got shot the only thing i was thinkin’ about was comin’ back here and makin’ you my wife. say yes, chica. | carlos, engagement, kiara, love, proposal
nelly, i am heathcliff - he's always, always in my mind - not as a pleasure, any more then i am always a pleasure to myself - but, as my own being. | heathcliff, love, passion
it is wrong to think that love comes from long companionship and persevering courtship. love is the offspring of spiritual affinity and unless that affinity is created in a moment, it will not be created for years or even generations. | love
the scariest thing about distance is that you don’t know whether they’ll miss you or forget you. | distance, love
"he drew a circle that shut me out-heretic , rebel, a thing to flout.but love and i had the wit to win:we drew a circle and took him in !from the poem "" outwitted | friend, heretic, love, poem, rebel, wit"
love is another kind of power, which shouldn't surprise you. magic comes from emotions, among other things. and when two people are together, in that intimacy, when they really, selflessly love each other it changes them both. it lingers on in the energy of their lives, even when they are apart. | harry-dresden, love, magic, thomas-raith
i come here with no expectations, only to profess, now that i am at liberty to do so, that my heart is and always will be...yours. | devotion, love, pronouncements-of-love
i'm tired of living unable to love anyone. i don't have a single friend - not one. and, worst of all, i can't even love myself. why is that? why can't i love myself? it's because i can't love anyone else. a person learns how to love himself through the simple acts of loving and being loved by someone else. do you understand what i am saying? a person who is incapable of loving another cannot properly love himself. | loneliness, love
just for the record, she still loves you. she wouldn't bother to torture you if she didn't.  | love
in his forty-third year william stoner learned what others, much younger, had learned before him: that the person one loves at first is not the person one loves at last, and that love is not an end but a process through which one person attempts to know another. | growth, love
love makes the world go round? not at all. whiskey makes it go round twice as fast. | love, whiskey
i have known her longer, my smile said. true, you have been inside the circle of her arms, tasted her mouth, felt the warmth of her, and that is something i have never had. but there is a part of her that is only for me. you cannot touch it, no matter how hard you might try. and after she has left you i will still be here, making her laugh. my light shining in her. i will still be here long after she has forgotten your name. | denna, friendship, love
he smiles at me, and i am suddenly seventeen again - the year i realize that love doesn't follow the rules, the year i understood that nothing is worth having so much as something unattainable | first-love, love, rules, unattainable
the universe is very, very big.it also loves a paradox. for example, it has some extremely strict rules.rule number one: nothing lasts forever.not you or your family or your house or your planet or the sun. it is an absolute rule. therefore when someone says that their love will never die, it means that their love is not real, for everything that is real dies. rule number two: everything lasts forever. | eternity, forever, infinity, love, paradox, time, universe
i profess not to know how women's hearts are wooed and won. to me they have always been matters of riddle and admiration. | abjected, love, romantic, women
the more i know of the world, the more i am convinced that i shall never see a man whom i can really love. i require so much! | love, requirements
as long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings, he will never know health or peace. for as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. indeed, he who sows the seed of murder and pain cannot reap joy and love. | compassion, love, peace, vegan, vegetarian
eight full lives,” i whispered against his jaw, my voice breaking. “eight full lives and i never found anyone i would stay on a planet for, anyone i would follow when they left. i never found a partner. why now? why you? you're not of my species. how can you be my partner?”“it's a strange universe,” he murmured.“it's not fair,” i complained, echoing sunny's words. it wasn't fair. how could i find this, find love–now, in this eleventh hour–and have to leave it? was it fair that my soul and body couldn't reconcile? was it fair that i had to love melanie, too? was it fair that ian would suffer? he deserved happiness if anyone did. itwasn't fair or right or even…sane. how could i do this to him?“i love you,” i whispered.“don't say that like you're saying goodbye.”but i had to. “i, the soul called wanderer, love you, human ian. and that will never change, no matter what i might become.” i worded it carefully, so that there would be no lie in my voice. “if i were a dolphin or a bear or a flower, it wouldn't matter. i would always love you, always remember you. you will be my only partner. | love
you smiled and talked to me of nothing and i felt that for this i had been waiting long. | love
"i loved him.i couldn't pinpoint what made me so certain, but i knew it then, as surely as i knew my name or the color of the sky or any fact written in a book.could he feel it, too?maxon broke the kiss and looked at me. ""you're so pretty when you are a mess.""i laughed nervously. ""thank you. for that and for the rain and for not giving up.""he ran his fingers along my cheek and nose and chin. ""you're worth it. i don't think that you get that. you're worth it to me. | knowing, love, truth"
with friends, if you keep making an effort to reach out and you keep getting hurt, you eventually stop trying. but it's much harder to give up on family. somewhere deep down you want it to work so badly that you keep making the same mistake over and over again. | family, forgiveness, friends, love
my life-my whole life- take it, and do with it what you will. i love you-love you as i have never loved any living thing. from the moment i met you i loved you, loved you blindly, adoringly,madly!you didn't know it then-you know it now. | love
when love is not madness it is not love. | love, romance
shazi, i prefer the color blue to any other. the scent of lilacs in your hair is a source of constant torment. i despise figs. lastly, i will never forget, all the days of my life, the memories of last night—for nothing, not the sun, not the rain, not even the brightest star in the darkest sky, could begin to compare to the wonder of you.khalid. | khalid, love, shahrzad
i go to sleep alone, and wake up alone. i take walks. i work until i'm tired. i watch the wind play with the trash that's been under the snow all winter. everything seems simple until you think about it. why is love intensified by abscence? | love, melancholy
"down on the lake rosy reflections of celestial vapor appeared, and i said, ""god, i love you"" and looked to the sky and really meant it. ""i have fallen in love with you, god. take care of us all, one way or the other."" to the children and the innocent it's all the same. | god, inspirational, love, spiritual"
i have been astonished that men could die martyrsfor their religion--i have shuddered at it,i shudder no more.i could be martyred for my religion.love is my religionand i could die for that.i could die for you.my creed is love and you are its only tenet. | love, martyrdom, self-sacrifice
cities were always like people, showing their varying personalities to the traveler. depending on the city and on the traveler, there might begin a mutual love, or dislike, friendship, or enmity. where one city will rise a certain individual to glory, it will destroy another who is not suited to its personality. only through travel can we know where we belong or not, where we are loved and where we are rejected. | cities, cities-and-countries, city, enmity, glory, love, novel-quote, personalities, rejection, roman-payne, travel, traveler, travelling, urban, voyage
"i should go,"" i said thickly. ""let me know when you want to start practice again. and thanks for...talking.""i started to turn; then i heard him say abruptly, ""no.""i glanced back. ""what?""he held my gaze, and something warm and wonderful and powerful shot between us.""no,"" he repeated. ""i told her no.""""i..."" i shut my mouth before my jaw hit the floor. ""but...why? that was a once-in-a-lifetime thing. you could have had a baby. and she...she was, you know, into you...""the ghost of a smile flickered on his face. ""yes, she was. is. and that's why i had to say no. i couldn't return that...couldn't give her what she wanted. not when..."" he took a few steps toward me. ""not when my heart is somewhere else. | dimitri, love, paranormal-romance, rose"
"i will find you,"" he whispered in my ear. ""i promise. if i must endure two hundred years of purgatory, two hundred years without you - then that is my punishment, which i have earned for my crimes. for i have lied, and killed, and stolen; betrayed and broken trust. but there is the one thing that shall lie in the balance. when i shall stand before god, i shall have one thing to say, to weigh against the rest.""his voice dropped, nearly to a whisper, and his arms tightened around me.lord, ye gave me a rare woman, and god! i loved her well. | love, outlander"
life is a book and there are a thousand pages i have not yet read. | chapter-24, life, will-herondale
"i know i want you,"" he heard himself say, all his vows and his honor all forgotten. she stood before him naked as her name day, and he was as hard as the rock around them. he had been in her half a hundred times by now, but always beneath furs, with others all around them. he had never seeen how beautiful she was. her legs were skinny and well muscled, the hair at the juncture of her thighs a brighter red than that on her head. does that make it even luckier? he pulled her close. ""i love the smell of you,"" he said. ""i love your red hair. i love your mouth, and the way you kiss me. i love your smile. i love your teats."" he kissed them, one and then the other. ""i love your skinny legs, and what's between them."" he knelt to kiss her there, lightly on her mound at first, but ygritte moved her legs apart a little, and he saw the pink inside and kissed that as well, and tasted her. she gave a little gasp. ""if you love me all so much, why are you still dressed?"" she whispered. ""you know nothing, jon snow. noth---oh. oh. ohhh.""afterward, she was almost shy, or as shy as ygritte ever got. ""the thing you did,"" she said, when they lay together on their piled clothes. ""with your...mouth."" she hesistated. ""is that...is it what lordss do to their ladies, down in the south?""""i don't think so."" no one had ever told jon just what lords did with their ladies. ""i only...wanted to kiss you there, that's all. you seemed to like it.""""aye. i...i liked it some. no one taught you such?""""there's been no one,"" he confessed. ""only you. | jon-snow, kiss, love, romance, sex, ygritte"
i know i am but summer to your heart,and not the full four seasons of the year;and you must welcome from another partsuch noble moods as are not mine, my dear.no gracious weight of golden fruits to sellhave i, nor any wise and wintry thing;and i have loved you all too long and wellto carry still the high sweet breast of spring.wherefore i say: o love, as summer goes,i must be gone, steal forth with silent drums, that you may hail anew the bird and rosewhen i come back to you, as summer comes.else will you seek, at some not distant time, even your summer in another clime. | commitment, completeness, love, loyalty
i believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. this is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant. | good-and-evil, love, truth
i needed him like i'd never needed anyone. | love, nora, nora-grey, patch-cipriano
"ronan said, ""i'm always straight.""adam replied ""oh, man, that's the biggest lie you've ever told. | humor, lies, love"
but grief makes a monster out of us sometimes . . . and sometimes you say and do things to the people you love that you can't forgive yourself for. | family, grief, jellicoe-road, love, melina-marchetta
life isn't about finding yourself. life is about creating yourself. | inspirational, life, yourself
it often occurs that pride and selfishness are muddled with strength and independence. they are neither equal nor similar; in fact, they are polar opposites. a coward may be so cowardly that he masks his weakness with some false personification of power. he is afraid to love and to be loved because love tends to strip bare all emotional barricades. without love, strength and independence are prone to losing every bit of their worth; they become nothing more than a fearful, intimidated, empty tent lost somewhere in the desert of self. | bare, barricade, camping, coward, desert, ego, empty, false, fearful, human-nature, humans, independence, intimidated, love, mask, nature, personification, philosophy, pride, self, strength, tent, weakness, worth
it’s just so strange.you used to love me,and now you’re a strangerwho happens to know allof my secrets. | love
life can only be understood backwards | søren kierkegaard
it wasn't a thing i had consciously missed, but having it now reminded me of the joy of it; that drowsy intimacy in which a man's body is accessible to you as your own, the strange shapes and textures of it like a sudden extension of your own limbs. | intimacy, love, romance
and i want to play hide-and-seek and give you my clothes and tell you i like your shoes and sit on the steps while you take a bath and massage your neck and kiss your feet and hold your hand and go for a meal and not mind when you eat my food and meet you at rudy's and talk about the day and type up your letters and carry your boxes and laugh at your paranoia and give you tapes you don't listen to and watch great films and watch terrible films and complain about the radio and take pictures of you when you're sleeping and get up to fetch you coffee and bagels and danish and go to florent and drink coffee at midnight and have you steal my cigarettes and never be able to find a match and tell you about the tv programme i saw the night before and take you to the eye hospital and not laugh at your jokes and want you in the morning but let you sleep for a while and kiss your back and stroke your skin and tell you how much i love your hair your eyes your lips your neck your breasts your arse your but keep on asking because though you think i don't mean it i do always have from the first time i asked you and wander the city thinking it's empty without you and want what you want and think i'm losing myself but know i'm safe with you and tell you the worst of me and try to give you the best of me because you don't deserve any less and answer your questions when i'd rather not and tell you the truth when i really don't want to and try to be honest because i know you prefer it and think it's all over but hang on in for just ten more minutes before you throw me out of your life and forget who i am and try to get closer to you because it's beautiful learning to know you and well worth the effort and speak german to you badly and hebrew to you worse and make love with you at three in the morning and somehow somehow somehow communicate some of the overwhelming undying overpowering unconditional all-encompassing heart-enriching mind-expanding on-going never-ending love i have for you. | love
any fool can be happy. it takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep. | art, inspirational, love, redemption, sadness
so it's not gonna be easy. it's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but i want to do that because i want you. i want all of you, forever, everyday. you and me... everyday. | love, marriage
who knew that the path to a womans heart was through the soul of an honest man? | love, soul, sweet, victory
you never knew the last time you were seeing someone. you didn't know when the last argument happened, or the last time you had sex, or the last time you looked into their eyes and thanked god they were in your life.after they were gone?that was all you thought about.day and night. | life, loss, love, shit-happens, suck-it-up
the heart was made to be broken. | heartbreak, love
all the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust. | faith, life, pixie-dust, trust
i have always found that actively lovingsaves one from a morbid preoccupationwith the shortcomings of society. | complaining, love
she loved him. but he didn’t know how to love.he could talk about love. he could see love and feel love. but he couldn’t give love.he could make love. but he couldn’t make promises.she had desperately wanted his promises.she wanted his heart, knew she couldn’t have it so she took what she could get.temporary bliss. passionate highs and lows. withdrawal and manipulation.he only stayed long enough to take what he needed and keep moving.if he stopped moving, he would self-destruct.if he stopped wandering, he would have to face himself.he chose to stay in the dark where he couldn’t see.if he exposed himself and the sun came out, he’d see his shadow.he was deathly afraid of his shadow.she saw his shadow, loved it, understood it. saw potential in it.she thought her love would change him.he pushed and he pulled, tested boundaries, thinking she would never leave.he knew he was hurting her, but didn’t know how to share anything but pain.he was only comfortable in chaos. claiming souls before they could claim him.her love, her body, she had given to him and he’d taken with such feigned sincerity, absorbing every drop of her.his dark heart concealed.she’d let him enter her spirit and stroke her soul where everything is love and sensation and surrender.wide open, exposed to deception.it had never occurred to her that this desire was not love.it was blinding the way she wanted him.she couldn’t see what was really happening, only what she wanted to happen.she suspected that he would always seek to minimize the risk of being split open, his secrets revealed.he valued his soul’s privacy far more than he valued the intimacy of sincere connection so he kept his distance at any and all costs.intimacy would lead to his undoing—in his mind, an irrational and indulgent mistake.when she discovered his indiscretions, she threw love in his face and beat him with it.somewhere deep down, in her labyrinth, her intricacy, the darkest part of her soul, she relished the mayhem.she felt a sense of privilege for having such passion in her life.he stirred her core.the place she dared not enter.the place she could not stir for herself.but something wasn’t right.his eyes were cold and dark.his energy, unaffected.he laughed at her and her antics, told her she was a mess.frantic, she looked for love hiding in his eyes, in his face, in his stance, and she found nothing but disdain.and her heart stopped. | betrayal, dysfunctional-love, heartbreak, love, love-and-romance, manipulation, romance, unrequited-love
gamble everything for love, if you're a true human being. | life, love
"can i say something?''go on''i'm a little drunk''me too. that's okay.''just....i missed you, you know.''i missed you too.''but so, so much, dexter. there were so many things i wanted to talk to you about, and you weren't there-''same here.''i tell you what it is. it's.....when i didn't see you, i thought about you every day, i mean every day in some way or another-''same here.''-even if it was just ""i wish dexter could see this"" or ""where's dexter now?"" or ""christ that dexter, what an idiot"", you know what i mean, and seeing you today, well, i thought i'd got you back - my best friend. and now all this, the wedding, the baby- i'm so happy for you, dex, but it feels like i've lost you again.'--'you know what happens you have a family, your responsibilities change, you lose touch with people''it won't be like that, i promise.''do you?''absolutely''you swear? no more disappearing?''i won't if you won't.'their lips touched now, mouths pursed tight, their eyes open, both of them stock still. the moment held, a kind of glorious confusion. | friendship, love, moving-on"
there will never be no love at all. | double-negatives, love
you yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection | inspiration, life, love, self-acceptance, self-esteem, wisdom
i had not intended to love him; the reader knows i had wrought hard to extirpate from my soul the germs of love there detected; and now, at the first renewed view of him, they spontaneously revived, great and strong! he made me love him without looking at me. | affection, attraction, love
when i first met you, that's what i remember. i looked up at the sky and thought, i'm going to love this person because even the sky looks different. | ethan-lena, love
every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear. | adoration, fidelity, love
"clary shut her eyes. you didn't say no to an angel, no matter what it had in mind. her heart pounding, she sat floating in the darkness behind her eyelids, resolutely trying not to think of jace. but his face appear against the blank screen of her closed eyelids anyway - not smiling at her but looking sidelong, and she could see the scar at his temple, the uneven curl at the corner of his mouth, and the silver line on his throat where simon had bitten him - all the marks and flaws and imperfections that made up the person she loved most in the world. jace. a bright light lit her vision to scarlet, and she fell back against the sand, wondering if she was going to pass out - or maybe she was dying - but she didn't want to die, not now that she could see jace's face so clearly in front of her. she could almost hear his voice, too, saying her name, the way he'd whispered it at renwick's, over and over again. clary. clary. clary.""clary,"" jace said. ""open your eyes. | jace-and-clary, love"
i'm like a starving man who has been given food. maybe he's cold, and his clothes are torn, and he's ashamed, but he's not unhappy. | ashamed, love, unhappy
one day you fall for this boy. and he touches you with his fingers. and he burns holes in your skin with his mouth. and it hurts when you look at him. and it hurts when you don’t. and it feels like someone’s cut you open with a jagged piece of glass. | boy, love, lust
when she opened her eyes, she was both in her body and watching it, nowhere near the cavity of the tree. the blue that was before her stood inches from a boy in an aglionby sweater. there was a slight stoop to his posture, and his shoulders were spattered darkly with rain. it was his fingers that blue felt on her face. he touched her cheek with the backs of his fingers. tears coursed down the other blue's face. though some strange magic, blue could feel them on her face as well. she could feel, too, sick, rising misery she'd felt in the churchyard, the grief that felt bigger than her. the other blue's tears seemed endless. one drop slid after another, each following an identical path down her cheeks.the boy in the aglionby sweater leaned his forehead against blue's. she felt the pressure of his skin against hers, and suddenly she could smell mint. it'll be okay. gansey told the other blue. she could tell that he was afraid. it'll be okay.impossibly, blue realized that this other blue was crying because she loved gansey. and that the reason gansey touched her like that, his fingers so careful with her, was because he knew that her kiss could kill him. she could feel how badly the other blue wanted to kiss him, even as she dreaded it. though she couldn't understand why, her real, present day memories in the tree cavity were clouded with other false memories of their lips nearly touching, a life this other blue had already lived.okay, i'm ready- gansey's voice caught, just a little. blue, kiss me. | kiss, love, sad
it’s all about falling in love with yourself and sharing that love with someone who appreciates you, rather than looking for love to compensate for a self love deficit. | love, relationships, self-love
i love you now for what we've already shared, and i love you now in anticipation of all that's to come. | love, nicholas-sparks, nights-in-rodanthe
i am almost a hundred years old; waiting for the end, and thinking about the beginning.there are things i need to tell you, but would you listen if i told you how quickly time passes?i know you are unable to imagine this.nevertheless, i can tell you that you will awake someday to find that your life has rushed by at a speed at once impossible and cruel. the most intense moments will seem to have occurred only yesterday and nothing will have erased the pain and pleasure, the impossible intensity of love and its dog-leaping happiness, the bleak blackness of passions unrequited, or unexpressed, or unresolved. | age, death, endings, life, love, passage, passions, time
my love is pizza shaped. won’t you have a slice? it’s circular, so there’s enough to go around.  | absurd, food, life, love, love-quote, pizza, relationships, word-junkies
"i… what are you saying, zsadist?"" she stammered, even though she'd heard every word.he glanced back down at the pencil in his hand and then turned to the table. flipping the spiral notebook to a new page, he bent way over and labored on top of the paper for quite a while. then he ripped the sheet free.his hand was shaking as he held it out. ""it's messy.""bella took the paper. in a child's uneven block letters there were three words: i love youher lips flattened tight as her eyes stung. the handwriting got wavy and then disappeared. ""maybe you can't read it,"" he said in a small voice. ""i can do it over."" she shook her head. ""i can read it just fine. it's… beautiful.""""i don't expect anything back. i mean… i know that you don't… feel that for me anymore. but i wanted you to know. it's important that you knew. | bella, love, lover-awakened, z, zsadist"
being in love with someone who doesn't even know you exist isn't the worst thing in the world. in fact, it's quite the oppostie. almost like passing in a term paper that you know sucked, but having that period of time where you haven't gotten your grade back yet -- that kind of exhale where you haven't been rejected, although you pretty much know how it's going to turn out. | love, unrequited-love
when someone you love says goodbye you can stare long and hard at the door they closed and forget to see all the doors god has open in front of you. | beginnings, choices, doors, endings, faith, future, giving-up, goals, god-s-plan, goodbyes, hope, letting-go, love, moving-on, plans, regret, sorrow
i want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as i can decently manage, loving all the people i love, and doing as much as i can of the work i still have to do. i am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. until it's every breath i breathe. i'm going to go out like a fucking meteor! | dying, life, living, love, loving, motivation, motivational-quote, work, working, writing
the problem, of course, was that [he] saw the world in black and white. and he got to decide what was black and what was white. you can't love a person who lives that way without fearing him too. maybe even hating him a little. | fear, life, love
the whole world is divided for me into two parts: one is she, and there is all happiness, hope, light; the other is where she is not, and there is dejection and darkness... | love, world
love blurs your vision; but after it recedes, you can see more clearly than ever. it's like the tide going out, revealing whatever's been thrown away and sunk: broken bottles, old gloves, rusting pop cans, nibbled fishbodies, bones. this is the kind of thing you see if you sit in the darkness with open eyes, not knowing the future. the ruin you've made. | love
if a man hasn't what's necessary to make a woman love him, it's his fault, not hers. | love, men, women
when you forgive, you love. and when you love, god’s light shines upon you. | forgiveness, love
who, being loved, is poor? | love
you’ll never be able to find yourself if you’re lost in someone else. | love, self-discovery
nobody likes being alone that much. i don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. it just leads to disappointment.  | disappointment, friends, friendship, life, loneliness
every life has one true love snapshot. | love
"do you love him?""deryn swallowed, then pointed at the screen. ""he makes me feel like that. like flying. | deryn, flying, goliath, love, scott-westerfeld"
that this girl would know exactly how to shatter me. | love, romance, sadness
what do i care how 'e looks? i am good-looking enough for both of us, i theenk! all these scars show is zat my husband is brave! | appearances, bill-weasley, fleur-delacour, love
make me into anything, but just love me. | love
it never gets easier, missing you. and sometimes i wonder if it ever will. | death, love, parents, vlad
surely it was a good way to die, in the place of someone else, someone i loved. | death, love, self-sacrifice
there are many different types of kisses. there’s a passionate kiss of farewell—like the kind rhett gave scarlett when he went off to war. the kiss of i-can’t-really-be-with-you-but-i-want-to-be—like with superman and lois lane. there’s the first kiss—one that is gentle and hesitant, warm and vulnerable. and then there’s the kiss of possession—which was how ren kissed me now. it went beyond passion, beyond desire. his kiss was full of longing, need, and love, like all those other kisses. but, it was also filled with promises and pledges, some of which seemed sweet and tender while others seemed dangerous and exciting. he was taking me over. staking a claim. he seized me as boldly as the tiger captured his prey. there was no escape. and i didn’t want to. i would have happily died in his clutches. i was his. and he made sure i knew it. my heart burst with a thousand beautiful blooms, all tiger lilies. and i knew with a certainty more powerful than anything i’d ever felt before that we belonged together.  | love, romance
and if you couldn't be loved, the next best thing was to be let alone. | alone, hill, jane, lantern, love
in his extreme youth stoner had thought of love as an absolute state of being to which, if one were lucky, one might find access; in his maturity he had decided it was the heaven of a false religion, toward which one ought to gaze with an amused disbelief, a gently familiar contempt, and an embarrassed nostalgia. now in his middle age he began to know that it was neither a state of grace nor an illusion; he saw it as a human act of becoming, a condition that was invented and modified moment by moment and day by day, by the will and the intelligence and the heart. | love
would he find her?without question.would he save her?always. | love
let there be spaces in your togetherness, and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf. sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music. give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping. for only the hand of life can contain your hearts. and stand together, yet not too near together: for the pillars of the temple stand apart, and the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow. | love, marriage
every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not | henry wadsworth longfellow
first best is falling in love. second best is being in love. least best is falling out of love. but any of it is better than never having been in love. | falling-in-love, love, lovelessness
there are memories that time does not erase... forever does not make loss forgettable, only bearable. | love, memories, sacrifice, time
our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. it is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. we ask ourselves, who am i to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? actually, who are you not to be? | inspirational, love, motivational, self-empowerment, self-esteem, self-realization, spiritual, truth
sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter. | love
this is a good sign, having a broken heart. it means we have tried for something. | heartache, love
the really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day. | awareness, caring, discipline, freedom, love, people, sacrifice
it's funny. no matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. and the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. but when it does, you just have to go for it! because if you don't, there's not point in being here. | chance, chances, close, comedic, eternity, existance, forever, funny, go, hard, heart, know, knowledge, life, love, minute, never, open, purpose, time, try
just knowing you exist changed the world for me. | love
of all the bright cruel lies they tell you, the cruelest is the one called love. | lies, love
catherine earnshaw, may you not rest as long as i am living. you said i killed you--haunt me then. the murdered do haunt their murderers. i believe--i know that ghosts have wandered the earth. be with me always--take any form--drive me mad. only do not leave me in this abyss, where i cannot find you! oh, god! it is unutterable! i cannot live without my life! i cannot live without my soul! | catherine, haunting, heathcliff, love, malediction, restlessness
"for a long time, she held a special place in my heart. i kept this special place just for her, like a ""reserved"" sign on a quiet corner table in a restaurant. despite the fact that i was sure i'd never see her again. | love, waiting"
true friends will always push you towards the great possibilities of your future, false friends will always chain you to the mistakes in your past. | friend, friendship, love, mistakes, truth
love [is] supposed to move mountains, to make the world go round, to be all you need, but it [falls] apart at the deatils. it [can't] save a single person. | love
"i care,"" he said in a trembling voice. ""i care so much that i do not know how to tell you without it seeming inconsequential compared to how i feel. even if i am distant at times and seem as if i do not want to be with you, it is only because this scares me, too. | god-of-the-underworld, hades, henry, love, relationships"
the knowledge that she would never be loved in return acted upon her ideas as a tide acts upon cliffs. | family, love, unrequited-love
"huh,"" leo said. ""well, if you ever get off this island and want a job, let me know. you're not a total klutz.""she smirked. ""a job, eh?"" making things in your forge?""""nah, we could start our own shop,"" leo said, surprising himself. starting a machine shop had always been one of his dreams, but he'd never told anyone about it. ""leo and calypso's garage: auto repair and mechanical monsters. | calypso, funny, humor, leo-valdez, love"
we live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world. | dark, designer, fashion, karl-lagerfeld, life, live, living, love, romance, tragic, world
when people fall in love, they burst into flames. | love
it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. | dreams, life
 free love? as if love is anything but free! man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love. man has subdued bodies, but all the power on earth has been unable to subdue love. man has conquered whole nations, but all his armies could not conquer love. man has chained and fettered the spirit, but he has been utterly helpless before love. high on a throne, with all the splendor and pomp his gold can command, man is yet poor and desolate, if love passes him by. and if it stays, the poorest hovel is radiant with warmth, with life and color. thus love has the magic power to make of a beggar a king. yes, love is free; it can dwell in no other atmosphere. in freedom it gives itself unreservedly, abundantly, completely. all the laws on the statutes, all the courts in the universe, cannot tear it from the soil, once love has taken root. | anti-marriage, love, polyamory, sex-positive
this love of which i speak is slow to lose patience - it looks for a way of being constructive.love is not possessive.love is not anxious to impress nor does it cherish inflated ideas of its own ideas.love has good manners and does not pursue selfish advantage.love is not touchy.love does not keep account of evil or gloat over the wickedness of other people. on the contrary, it is glad with all good men when truth prevails.love knows no limits to its endurance, no end to its trust, no fading of its hope; it can outlast anything. it is, in fact, the one thing that stands when all else has fallen. | christian, love, relationships
to die will be an awfully big adventure. | adventure, love
she cast her fragrance and her radiance over me. i ought never to have run away from her... i ought to have guessed all the affection that lay behind her poor little stratagems. flowers are so inconsistent! but i was too young to know how to love her... | flowers, love, roses
i gave you my heart, but it wasn't enough. | bhie, caleb, love, maggie, return-to-paradise, simone-elkeles
this life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid. | humor, life, misattributed-john-wayne
there can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love. | justice, love, segregation
"there is a desire within each of us,in the deep center of ourselves that we call our heart.we were born with it, it is never completely satisfied,and it never dies.we are often unaware of it, but it is always awake.it is the human desire for love.every person in this earth yearns to love,to be loved, to know love.our true identity, our reason for beingis to be found in this desire.love is the ""why"" of life,why we are functioning at all.i am convincedit is the fundamental energy of the human spirit.the fuel on which we run,the wellspring of our vitality.and grace, which is the flowing,creative activity, of love itself,is what makes all goodness possible.love should come first,it should be the beginning of,and the reason for everything. | human-spirit, love, romance"
hope for love, pray for love, wish for love, dream for love…but don’t put your life on hold waiting for love. | being-single, dating, finding-love, living-life-to-the-fullest, living-your-best-life, love, not-settling, positive-thinking, praying-for-love, relationships, single, single-life, single-woman, singleness, the-single-woman
a gentleman holds my hand.a man pulls my hair.a soulmate will do both. | dominance, gentleman, love, man, manners, match, romance, sex, soulmate, true-love
...and when one of them meets the other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy and one will not be out of the other's sight, as i may say, even for a moment... | love, soulmates
"yelena, you've driven me crazy. you've caused me considerable trouble and i've contemplated ending your life twice since i've known you."" valek's warm breath in my ear sent a shiver down my spine.""but you’ve slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart.”“that sounds more like a poison than a person,” was all i could say. his confession had both shocked and thrilled me.“exactly,” valek replied. “you have poisoned me. | love, poison"
they're in love. fuck the war. | love, war
love, it never dies. it never goes away, it never fades, so long as you hang on to it. love can make you immortal | heartbreak, if-i-stay, love
physics isn't the most important thing. love is. | love, philosophy, physics, priorities
find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go. | delirium, inspirational, lauren-oliver, love, novels, romance
who knows how to make love stay?1. tell love you are going to junior's deli on flatbush avenue in brooklyn to pick up a cheesecake, and if loves stays, it can have half. it will stay.2. tell love you want a momento of it and obtain a lock of its hair. burn the hair in a dime-store incense burner with yin/yang symbols on three sides. face southwest. talk fast over the burning hair in a convincingly exotic language. remove the ashes of the burnt hair and use them to paint a moustache on your face. find love. tell it you are someone new. it will stay.3. wake love up in the middle of the night. tell it the world is on fire. dash to the bedroom window and pee out of it. casually return to bed and assure love that everything is going to be all right. fall asleep. love will be there in the morning. | humor, love
one day, when i am a braver man, i will tell her these things, and then i will look her in the eye tell her i love her and ask her to be only mine. but until that day, we're just friends. | love, romance
love is a fire. but whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell. | love
and he suddenly knew that if she killed herself, he would die. maybe not immediately, maybe not with the same blinding rush of pain, but it would happen. you couldn't live for very long without a heart. | death, heart, love, mourning, suicide
"jealous?""""maybe.""""no reason. i like my ladies with a pulse. | love, vampires"
all god does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. we must never, ever be boring. | god, humor, life
no relationship is perfect, ever. there are always some ways you have to bend, to compromise, to give something up in order to gain something greater...the love we have for each other is bigger than these small differences. and that's the key. it's like a big pie chart, and the love in a relationship has to be the biggest piece. love can make up for a lot. | love
they were still in the happier stage of love. they were full of brave illusions about each other, tremendous illusions, so that the communion of self with self seemed to be on a plane where no other human relations mattered. they both seemed to have arrived there with an extraordinary innocence as though a series of pure accidents had driven them together, so many accidents that at last they were forced to conclude that they were for each other. they had arrived with clean hands, or so it seemed, after no traffic with the merely curious and clandestine. | love
are you upset little friend? have you been lying awake worrying? well, don't worry...i'm here. the flood waters will recede, the famine will end, the sun will shine tomorrow, and i will always be here to take care of you. | faith, friendship, loneliness, love
"...the opposite of love is not hate -- it's apathy. it's not giving a damn. if somebody hates me, they must ""feel"" something ... or they couldn't possibly hate. therefore, there's some way in which i can get to them. | apathy, hatred, love, relationships"
i love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. i love you simply, without problems or pride: i love you in this way because i do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no i or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when i fall asleep your eyes close. | love, poetry
love is the kind of thing that's already happening by the time you notice it, that's how it works, and no matter how old you get, that doesn't change. except that you can break it up into two entirely distinct types -- love where there's an end in sight and love where there isn't. | love
this is where it all begins. everything starts here, today. | hope, love
let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. | inspirational, love, smile
love who you love while you have them. that's all you can do. let them go when you must. if you know how to love, you'll never run out. | love
"because i’ve got a lot more terms of endearment to use. honey pie. sugarplum. bread pudding.""“why are they all high-calorie foods? | adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines, couple, cute, love, nicknames, richelle-mead, sydney-sage, sydrian, the-indigo-spell"
though sorrow may impede my heart,it is of great love to have known you. | heartache, heartfelt, loss, love, romance, sorrow
elizabeth's spirit's soon rising to playfulness again, she wanted mr. darcy to account for his having ever fallen in love with her. 'how could you begin?' said she. begun. | love, mr-darcy
depression isn't a war you win. it's a battle you fight every day. you never stop, never get to rest. it's one bloody fray after another. | aliens, death, depression, life, loss, love, space, suicide, teen, ya
so i’m your huntress and thief?” his hands slid down to cup the backs of my knees as he said with a roguish grin, “you are my salvation, feyre. | feyre, huntress, love, rhysand, thief
the strategic adversary is fascism... the fascism in us all, in our heads and in our everyday behavior, the fascism that causes us to love power, to desire the very thing that dominates and exploits us. | fascism, love, power
animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. difficult standards for people to live up to. | animals, live, love, loyal, people, standards
every friendship travels at sometime through the black valley of despair. this tests every aspect of your affection. you lose the attraction and the magic. your sense of each other darkens and your presence is sore. if you can come through this time, it can purify with your love, and falsity and need will fall away. it will bring you onto new ground where affection can grow again. | friendship, love
until this moment, i had not realized that someone could break your heart twice, along the very same fault lines. | bhie, broken-heart, jodi-picoult, love, my-sister-s-keeper
you have a beautiful laugh. like the promise of tomorrow. | khalid, laughter, love, shahrzad
love wins, love always wins. | love
love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. without them, humanity cannot survive. | compassion, humanity, love, mankind
i love you for who you are, not who the world thinks you should be. | love
all i want from you is to trust me with what little you can, and grow in loving people around you with the same love i share with you. it's not your job to change them, or to convince them. you are free to love without an agenda. | love, people, relationships
when we meet someone and fall in love, we have a sense that the whole universe is on our side. and yet if something goes wrong, there is nothing left! how is it possible for the beauty that was there only minutes before to vanish so quickly? life moves very fast. it rushes from heaven to hell in a matter of seconds. | love
i'm saying i'm in love with you! i've been in love with you this whole bleeding year! | love
"someone real,"" i hear myself saying. ""someone who never has to pretend, and who i never have to pretend around. someone who's smart, but knows how to laugh at himself. someone who would listen to a symphony and start to cry, because he understands music can be too big for words. someone who knows me better than i know myself. someone i want to talk to first thing in the morning and last thing at night. someone i feel like i've known my whole life, even if i haven't. | love, relationships"
the minute i stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy...the girl came. | dating-advice, inspirational, love
the strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. it's seen in the love with which he embraces you. | embrace, happiness, inspirational, love, men, relationships, strength, true-love
i found myself grinning until my cheeks hurt, my scalp prickling till i thought it might lift off my head. my tongue ran away from me, giddy with freedom. this, and this, and this, i said to him. i did not have to fear that i spoke too much. i did not have to worry that i was too slender, or too slow. this and this and this! i taught him how to skip stones, and he taught me how to carve wood. i could feel every nerve in my body, every brush of air against my skin. | love, madeline-miller, the-song-of-achilles
he promised us that everything would be okay. i was a child, but i knew that everything would not be okay. that did not make my father a liar. it made him my father. | father, love
when she came to her senses again she cut off all contact with him. it had not been easy, but she had steeled herself. the last time she saw him she was standing on a platform in the tunnelbana at gamla stan and he was sitting in the train on his way downtown. she had stared at him for a whole minute and decided that she did not have a grain of feeling left, because it would have been the same as bleeding to death. fuck you. | anger, emotion, feeling, heartbreak, love
that’s what it feels like when you touch me. like millions of tiny universes being born and then dying in the space between your finger and my skin. sometimes i forget. | love, love-quotes, space, touch, universe
i want to be the friend you fall hopelessly in love with. the one you take into your arms and into your bed and into the private world you keep trapped in your head. i want to be that kind of friend. the one who will memorize the things you say as well as the shape of your lips when you say them. i want to know every curve, every freckle, every shiver of your body. i want to know where to touch you, i want to know how to touch you. i want to know convince you to design a smile just for me. yes, i do want to be your friend. i want to be your best friend in the entire world. | love
you need just the right amount of 'fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love. | inspirational, life, love
love is like a friendship caught on fire. in the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. as love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. | fierce, forever-love, love, undying-love
she was bendable light: she shone around every corner of my day. | light, love
this is not a goodbye, my darling, this is a thank you. thank you for coming into my life and giving me joy, thank you for loving me and receiving my love in return. thank you for the memories i will cherish forever. but most of all, thank you for showing me that there will come a time when i can eventually let you go.i love you, t. | lost-love, love
lift your hips for me, love. | finally, god, juliette, love, sex, sexy, want, warner
buy a gift for a dog, and you'll be amazed at the way it will dance and swerve its tail, but if don't have anything to offer to it, it won't even recognize your arrival; such are the attributes of fake friends. | attraction, bad, bad-people, bait, cheat, cheaters, cheating, corrosive, devil, devilish, dog, dogs, evil, fake-friends, false-colour, fools, gift, hate, haters, hatred, love, michael-bassey-johnson, negative, negative-people, negativity, pretence, pretension, sycophants, trick, trickish, tricky, wolves
what i was trying to say,” he whispered, “is that i see you in everything. there isn’t a word for you that means enough, because you’re everything to me. | aria, into-the-still-blue, itsb, love, peregrine, peria, perry
all too often women believe it is a sign of commitment, an expression of love, to endure unkindness or cruelty, to forgive and forget. in actuality, when we love rightly we know that the healthy, loving response to cruelty and abuse is putting ourselves out of harm's way. | abuse, commitment, curelty, endurance, forgiveness, harm, health, love, relationship, unkindness
with you, intimacy colours my voice.even ‘hello’ sounds like ‘come here'. | love
(what are your ghosts like?)(they are on the insides of the lids of my eyes.)(this is also where my ghosts reside.)(you have ghosts?)(of course i have ghosts.)(but you are a child.)(i am not a child.)(but you have not known love.)(these are my ghosts, the spaces amid love.) | love
love is where you find it. i think it is foolish to go around looking for it, and i think it can be poisonous. i wish that people who are conventionally supposed to love each other would say to each other, when they fight, 'please — a little less love, and a little more common decency'. | decency, humor, love, respect
i am as wrapped up in her as a vine that clings to a tree seeking for sustenance. she’s tied me to her for eternity. she’s my home. she’s my reason for being. to win and hold her heart is my only purpose. | love, romance
there’s something about arriving in new cities, wandering empty streets with no destination. i will never lose the love for the arriving, but i'm born to leave. | arriving, cities, city, destination, empty, home, leave, leaving, left, lose, love, new, streets, touring, travel, traveller, travelling, vagabond, wanderer, wanderlust
i don't care if you say we can't be together. i don't care if you think i'm the most evil, unnatural creature walking on earth. you can think whatever you want, go whatever you want. i'm going to just go on loving you, even if it's hopeless. | adrian-ivashkov, love
one more secret smile. one more shared laugh. one more electric kiss. finding him was like finding someone i didn't know i was searching for. | love, nora, patch, search
 i will give you this, my love, and i will not bargain or barter any longer. i will love you, as sure as he has loved me. i will discover what i can discover and though you remain a mystery, save god's own knowledge, what i disclose of you i will keep in the warmest chamber of my heart, the very chamber where god has stowed himself in me. and i will do this to my death, and to death it may bring me. i will love you like god, because of god, mighted by the power of god. i will stop expecting your love, demanding you love, trading for your love, gaming for your love. i will simply love. i am giving myself to you, and tomorrow i will do it again. i suppose the clock itself will wear thin its time before i am ended at this altar of dying and dying again. god risked himself on me. i will risk myself on you. and together, we will learn to love, and perhaps then, and only then, understand this gravity that drew him, unto us. | love
"you asked why i couldn't forgive you,"" nick said, very quietly, and i jumped a little. ""it was because you were the love of my life, harper. and you didn't want to be. that's hard to let go. | breakup, couples, divorce, love, sad"
i told him i was going to betray you, and betray lyra, and he believed me because i was corrupt and full of wickedness; he looked so deep i felt sure he'd see the truth. but i lied too well. i was lying with every nerve and fiber and everything i'd ever done...i wanted him to find no good in me, and he didn't. there is none. | evil, good, lies, love, mrs-coulter, truth
of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness. | happiness, love
"flipping to the front, i caught aiden's gaze and offered a sympathetic smile.""skittles?""""please.""i dumped some into his open palm, then picked out the green ones. aiden grinned at me.""you know i don't like the green ones?""shrugging, i popped them in my mouth. ""the few times i've seen you eat them, you leave the green ones behind.""deacon popped his head between our seats.""that's true love right there.""""that it is.""aiden's gaze flicked to the road. i flushed like a little schoolgirl and focused on the remaining pieces of candy until deacon drifted back into his seat. i handed all the red ones to aiden. | cute, love, sweet"
there is no love sincerer than the love of food. | food, gluttony, love
what if i were smiling and running into your arms? would you see then what i see now? | love
the story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye...until we meet again | eye, goodbye, hello, life, love, song-lyrics
when you miss someone....it’s weird…your body doesn’t function normally..as it should. because i miss you, and my heart…it’s not steady…my soul it sings numb. fingers are cold…like you…your soul. | cold-soul, heart, jamie-weise, love, lovers, missing, missing-you, passion
when he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him. | death, death-of-a-loved-one, love
when you love someone, you say their name different. like it's safe inside your mouth. | love
the only thing more unthinkable than leaving was staying the only thing more impossible than stayin the only thing more impossible than staying was leaving.g was leaving. | eat, elizabeth-gilbert, love, pray
i think you can only be truly mad at someone you really love. | love, madly-in-love, true-love
but even when i stop crying, even when we fall asleep and i'm nestled in his arms, this will leave another scar. no one will see it. no one will know. but it will be there. and eventually all of the scars will have scars, and that's all i'll be--one big scar of a love gone wrong. | abuse, hurt, love, teen, ya, young-adult
i'm not sure this is a world i belong in anymore. i'm not sure that i want to wake up. | lost, love
all my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence forever. | love, poetry
we are bound together, emma, bound together—i breathe when you breathe, i bleed when you bleed, i’m yours and you’re mine, you’ve always been mine, and i have always, always belonged to you! | emma-carstairs, julian-blackthorn, love, parabatai
vulnerability is the birthplace of love, belonging, joy, courage, empathy, and creativity. it is the source of hope, empathy, accountability, and authenticity. if we want greater clarity in our purpose or deeper and more meaningful spiritual lives, vulnerability is the path. | accountability, authenticity, belonging, courage, creativity, empathy, joy, love, meaning, purpose, spirituality, vulnerability
"and now,"" eric yelled into his mircophone, ""we're going to sing a new song-one we just wrote. this one's for my girlfriend. we've been going out for three weeks, and, damn, our love is true. we're gonna be together forever, baby. this one's called 'bang you like a drum. | city-of-fallen-angels, crazy, eric, funny, humor, love, teen, teenage-love"
how sad and bad and mad it was - but then, how it was sweet | love, nostalgia, reflection, the-past
love must not entreat,' she added, 'or demand. love must have the strength to become certain within itself. then it ceases merely to be attracted and begins to attract. | attraction, love, strength
i love, because my love is not dependent on the object of love. my love is dependent on my state of being. so whether the other person changes, becomes different, friend turns into a foe, does not matter, because my love was never dependent on the other person. my love is my state of being. i simply love. | being, love, self-awareness
you are the answer to every prayer i've offered. you are a song, a dream, a whisper, and i don't know how i could have lived without you for as long as i have. | love
woman is sacred the woman one loves is holy. | love, women, worship
"i think ... i should go home soon. mom and luke are probably going nuts. what about you?""he shrugged, a casual lift of one shoulder. ""you tell me. when i left nevernever, i didn't have any plans other than being with you. if you want me around, just say the word. | faeries, love, meghan-chase"
you asked me to go out with you. i know you probably changed your mind. but you should know, the answer was yes. it's always been yes when it comes to you. | love
and yes, i’ll admit, i am jealous. i’m jealous of every minute you spend with him, of every concerned expression you send his way, of every tear shed, of every glance, every touch, and every thought. i want to rip him to pieces and purge him from your mind and from your heart. but i can’t. | jealousy, love, romance
"it should be a privilege to be able to say ""i love you"" to someone. it shouldn't be something people say just because they feel like it. a privilege that is earned. they say you have to earn the right to be loved; no, love is unconditional, if you love someone, they don't have to earn it. but. the right to tell someone that you love them? that has to be earned. you have to earn the right to be believed. | inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, love, real-love, unconditional-love"
last night i wept. i wept because the process by which i have become woman was painful. i wept because i was no longer a child with a child's blind faith. i wept because my eyes were opened to reality....i wept because i could not believe anymore and i love to believe. i can still love passionately without believing. that means i love humanly. i wept because i have lost my pain and i am not yet accustomed to its absence. | love, pain, reality
i don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'i love you.' ... there is an african saying which is: be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt. | 1997, annie-clark-tanner-lecture, inspirational, love, trust
i'm gonna fight for you, until your heart stops beating. | devotion, love, promise
long distance is hard. you have to trust that as you each change on your own, your relationship will also change along with you. it takes hope, good humor, and idealism. it takes a massive dose of courage to protect the relationship at all odds. it is hard, but worth it. you'll both be stronger as a result. | hope, love
promise me you’ll marry me. not now. someday. because i need to know.”claire felt a flutter inside, like a bird trying to fly, and a rush of heat that made her dizzy. and something else, something fragile as a soap bubble,and just as beautiful. joy, in the middle of all this horror and heartbreak.“yes,” she whispered back. “i promise.”and she kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, while the sun came up and bathed morganville in one last, shining day. | claire-danvers, end, love, shane-collins
the fear of death follows from the fear of life. a man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. | death, life
you can build walls all the way to the sky and i will find a way to fly above them. you can try to pin me down with a hundred thousand arms, but i will find a way to resist. and there are many of us out there, more than you think. people who refuse to stop believing. people who refuse to come to earth. people who love in a world without walls, people who love into hate, into refusal, against hope, and without fear.i love you. remember. they cannot take it. | courage, love, resistance, strength
afterward, i had the last laugh. i made an air bubble at the bottom of the lake. our friends kept waiting for us to come up, but hey-when you are the son of poseidon, you don't have to hurry. and it was pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time. | cute, isaiat, kiss, love, mart, percy-jackson, underwater
if someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody i love, i would eat them. i might end up in jail for 500 years, but i would eat them. | humour, love
love is needing someone. love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you. | love
love consists of not looking each other in the eye, but of looking outwardly in the same direction. | love
"i love you"" i say.""i love you, too"" he says. ""i'll see you soon. | four, love, tris"
for one human being to love another human being: that is perhaps the most difficult task that has been given to us, the ultimate, the final problem and proof, the work for which all other work is merely preparation. | love
love like rain, can nourish from above, drenching couples with a soaking joy. but sometimes under the angry heat of life, love dries on the surface and must nourish from below, tending to its roots keeping itself alive. | forgiveness, love, rain
love is not a habit, a commitment, or a debt. it isn't what romantic songs tell us it is - love simply is. | love
darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. | darkness, drive-out, hate, inspirational, light, love, peace
if only it were possible to love without injury – fidelity isn’t enough: i had been faithful to anne and yet i had injured her. the hurt is in the act of possession: we are too small in mind and body to possess another person without pride or to be possessed without humiliation. in a way i was glad that my wife had struck out at me again – i had forgotten her pain for too long, and this was the only kind of recompense i could give her. unfortunately the innocent are always involved in any conflict. always, everywhere, there is some voice crying from a tower.  | guilt, life, love, philosophy
people fall in love without reason, without even wanting to. you can't predict it. that's love. | love
love one another, but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music. | bond, love, marriage, quiver, relationships, share
what lips my lips have kissed, and where, and why,i have forgotten, and what arms have lainunder my head till morning, but the rainis full of ghosts tonight, that tap and sighupon the glass and listen for reply,and in my heart there stirs a quiet painfor unremembered lads that not againwill turn to me at midnight with a cry.thus in the winter stands the lonely tree,nor knows what birds have vanished one by one,yet knows its boughs more silent than before:i cannot say what loves have come and gone,i only know that summer sang in mea little while, that in me sings no more. | love, poetry
as your lover describes you, so you are. | love, self-fulfilling-prophecy
stephen kissed me in the spring,robin in the fall,but colin only looked at meand never kissed at all.stephen’s kiss was lost in jest,robin’s lost in play,but the kiss in colin’s eyeshaunts me night and day. | kiss, love, memories, poetry
"in this whole screwed-up town, you're the only thing that's always been right to me,"" he whispered. ""i love you, claire."" she saw something that might have been just a flash of panic go across his expression, but then he steadied again. ""i can't believe i'm saying this, but i do. i love you. | fear, love"
he loved her, he loved her, and until he'd loved her she had never minded being alone.... | love
you put me through hell. on purpose. made me suffer. and there’s no end in sight. i don’t know what the fuck you’re doing, ace, but this dr. jekyll and mr. hyde shit ain’t cutting it with me. | breaking-up, breakup, eva-tramell, heartbroken, love, sylvia-day
so many believe that it is love that grows, but it is the knowing that grows and love simply expands to contain it. | knowing, love, relationships
plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. this is the law of nature. | abundance, action, choice, happiness, hope, inspirational, love, motivational, nature, success
when you have seen as much of life as i have, you will not underestimate the power of obsessive love. | infatuation, love, love-struck, obsession
when we love, we always strive to become better than we are. when we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. | hope, inspiration, love, santiago
when is a monster not a monster? oh, when you love it. | fantasy, love, monster
i can't promise not to make you mad. i can't promise that i won't hurt you. all i can promise is that i want you in my life, and i'll do anything to keep you there. | hunter, love
nobody in my life has ever known me the way you do. nobody in my life has ever made me feel as good as you do. you know me, you know everything about me, and when you leave me, you're going to be leaving the real me, the me nobody else has ever seen, that's who you're going to be rejecting. | love
you may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know. | abolition, accomplish, christian, great-britain, heard, hope, inspirational, love, peace, slavery, truth, try
like some wines our love could neither mature nor travel. | breakup, love, romance
two words. three vowels. four constenants. seven letters. it can either cut you open to the core and leave you in ungodly pain or it can free your soul and lift a tremendous weight off you shoulders. the phrase is: it's over. | breaking-up, heartbreak, letters, love, words
"i'm afraid they're in love,"" he said, concerned. ""they don't want to leave you."" he lifted one hand from her waist to gently brush a pair from her neck, where their wings fanned against her jaw. melancholy, he said, ""i know just how they feel. | akiva, love, romance"
it is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice. | advice, love
the simple pathsilence is prayerprayer is faithfaith is lovelove is servicethe fruit of service is peace | faith, love, mother, path, peace, prayer, service, simple, teresa
in youth, it was a way i had,to do my best to please.and change, with every passing ladto suit his theories.but now i know the things i knowand do the things i do,and if you do not like me so,to hell, my love, with you. | adaptation, change, character, empowerment, love, men, nature, pleasing, self-discovery, self-esteem, self-respect, truthfulness, wisdom, women, youth
i am yours.don't give myself back to me. | love
the practice of love offers no place of safety. we risk loss, hurt, pain. we risk being acted upon by forces outside our control. | control, force, hurt, loss, love, pain, practice, risk, saftey, security
you may not be her first, her last, or her only. she loved before she may love again. but if she loves you now, what else matters? she's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. she may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. so don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there. | love
moving on is easy. it's staying moved on that's trickier. | breaking-up, love, moving-on, relationships
i've been making a list of the things they don't teach you at school. they don't teach you how to love somebody. they don't teach you how to be famous. they don't teach you how to be rich or how to be poor. they don't teach you how to walk away from someone you don't love any longer. they don't teach you how to know what's going on in someone else's mind. they don't teach you what to say to someone who's dying. they don't teach you anything worth knowing. | dying, facts, fame, knowing, love, poverty, reality, school, teach, wealth
it is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. the fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams. | breakup, broken, broken-heart, broken-hearted, broken-hearted-quotes, dating, faith, healing, heartache, heartbreak, heartbroken, hope, hurt, hurt-feelings, hurting, hurting-heart, inspirational, life, life-lessons, love, romance
we always see our worst selves. our most vulnerable selves. we need someone else to get close enough to tell us we’re wrong. someone we trust. | friendship, love, reflection, trust
he will love only once - but it will be for always. | endless-love, love
oh, love isn't there to make us happy. i believe it exists to show us how much we can endure. | love
you can be in love and you can be in a relationship. but they’re not always the same thing. | being-in-love, love, relationship, relationships
we are the ones who take this thing called music and line it up with this thing called time. we are the ticking, we are the pulsing, we are underneath every part of this moment. and by making the moment our own, we are rendering it timeless. there is no audience. there are no instruments. there are only bodies and thoughts and murmurs and looks. it's the concert rush to end all concert rushes, because this is what matters. when the heart races, this is what it's racing towards. | love, music
my mother... she is beautiful, softened at the edges and tempered with a spine of steel. i want to grow old and be like her. | daughters, growing-up, love, mothers
"just for future reference, don't use words like ""love"" anymore. it's a very sensitive word and it wears out quickly. romeo barely says it, but john hinckley filled up a whole journal with it. to put it into your terms, it's a currency that's easily devalued. pretty soon you're saying it whenever you hang up the phone or whenever you leave. it turns into an apology. then it's an excuse. some assholes want it to be a bulletproof vest: don't hate me; i love you. but mostly it just means--more. more, more--give me something more. a couple of years from now, when you're on your own completely, if you really fall in love, if it really comes to that--and i pity you if it does--you have to look right down into the black of her eyes, right down into the emptiness in there and feel everything, absolutely everything she needs and you have to be willing to drown in it, kevin. you'd have to want to be crushed, buried alive. because that's what real love feels like--choking. they used to bury some women in their wedding dresses, you know. i thought it was because all those husbands were too cheap to spring for another gown, but now it makes sense: love is your first foot in the grave. that's why the second most abused word is ""forever"". | emptiness, forever, love"
we are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. | action, attitude, choice, imagination, inspiration, life, pretend
when i saw you i fell in love, and you smiled because you knew. | love
love is being honest with yourself at all timesbeing honest with the other person at all timestelling, listening, respecting the truthand never pretendinglove is the source of reality | love
why, darling, i don't live at all when i'm not with you. | a-farewell-to-arms, ernest-hemingway, love
she puts her hands on either side of my face, and the room falls away. i have never gotten so lost in a kiss before. and then, the space between us explodes. my heart keeps missing beats and my hands cannot bring her close enough to me. i taste her and realize i have been starving. i have loved before, but it didn't feel like this.i have kissed before, but it didn't burn me alive. maybe it lasts a minute, and maybe it's an hour. all i know is that kiss, and how soft her skin is when it brushes against mine, and that even if i did not know it until now, i have been waiting for this person forever. | fiction, jodi-picoult, jodi-picoult-sing-you-home, kiss, lesbians, love, lovers, romance, sing-you-home
one love, one heart, one destiny. | bob-marley, compassion, destiny, heart, humanity, inspirational, love
"you dumb-ass,"" i crooned, kissing her on the forehead. ""you don't share me. you own me. | love, where-she-went"
"there is no pretending"",jace said with absolute clarity.""i love you,and i will love you until i die,and if there's a life after that,i'll love you then.""she caught her breath.he had said it-the words there was no going back from. | clary-fray, forbidden-love, i-love-you, jace-wayland, love, true-love"
there is no one i would rather see the sunrise with than you. | khalid, love, shahrzad
as the light begins to intensify, so does my misery, and i wonder how it is possible to hurt so much when nothing is wrong. | bhie, forbidden, hurt, lochan, love, tabitha-suzuma
how can i be reasonable? to me our love was everything and you were my whole life. it is not very pleasant to realize that to you it was only an episode. | affairs, breakup, life, love, women
i can never read all the books i want; i can never be all the people i want and live all the lives i want. i can never train myself in all the skills i want. and why do i want? i want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. and i am horribly limited. | books, life, limits
when i asked my da how ye knew which was the right woman, he told me when the time came, i'd have no doubt. and i didn't. when i woke in the dark under that tree on the road to leoch, with you sitting on my chest, cursing me for bleeding to death, i said to myself 'jamie fraser, for all ye canna see what she looks like, and for all she weights as much as a good draft horse, this is the woman. | humor, love
let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred. | communism, democracy, freedom, liberation, love, marxism, peace, radicalism, socialism, theology
god's definition of what matters is pretty straightforward. he measures our lives by how we love. | love, purpose
if pain must come, may it come quickly. because i have a life to live, and i need to live it in the best way possible. if he has to make a choice, may he make it now. then i will either wait for him or forget him. | forgetting, hope, love, pain, suffering, waiting
religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. and the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. and if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time!but he loves you. he loves you, and he needs money! he always needs money! he's all-powerful, all-perfect, all-knowing, and all-wise, somehow just can't handle money! | atheism, humor, life, religion
i love you. you’re mine. i’ll kill any bastard who tries to take you from me. | confession, love, possessiveness
there comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it. | beliefs, books, boyfriend, choices, faith, family, friendships, girlfriend, hang-ups, in-love, life, love, marriage, memories, moving-on, nostalgia, obsessions, peace, relationships, religion, sister-in-laws, sisters, spouse, unrequited-love, wife, writing
i love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. life's a bitch. you've got to go out and kick ass. | humor, inspirational, life
he does something to me, that boy. every time. it’s his only detriment. he steps on my heart. he makes me cry. | heartbreak, love, sad
i was glad i wasn't in love, that i wasn't happy with the world. i like being at odds with everything. people in love often become edgy, dangerous. they lose their sense of perspective. they lose their sense of humor. they become nervous, psychotic bores. they even become killers. | love
if you send out goodness from yourself, or if you share that which is happy or good within you, it will all come back to you multiplied ten thousand times. in the kingdom of love there is no competition; there is no possessiveness or control. the more love you give away, the more love you will have. | karma, love
love is our true destiny. we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another. | connection, destiny, fate, life, love, meaning
friends are the family you choose (~ nin/ithilnin, elven rogue). | cyberpunk, elven, elves, family, friends, friendship, human-behavior, human-nature, humanity, humankind, humans, inside-ourselves, insight, insightful, life, life-lessons, love, meaning, meaning-of-life, nq-mobile-omar-khan, omar-khan-nq-mobile, reflection, reflective, social-commentary, social-issues, social-science, society, truth, urban-fantasy, urban-fantasy-series, ya-urban-fantasy, young-adult, young-adult-fiction, young-adult-literature, young-adult-novels, young-adult-series
find what you love and let it kill you. | love
therefore, dear sir, love your solitude and try to sing out with the pain it causes you. for those who are near you are far away... and this shows that the space around you is beginning to grow vast.... be happy about your growth, in which of course you can't take anyone with you, and be gentle with those who stay behind; be confident and calm in front of them and don't torment them with your doubts and don't frighten them with your faith or joy, which they wouldn't be able to comprehend. seek out some simple and true feeling of what you have in common with them, which doesn't necessarily have to alter when you yourself change again and again; when you see them, love life in a form that is not your own and be indulgent toward those who are growing old, who are afraid of the aloneness that you trust.... and don't expect any understanding; but believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it. | aloneness, change, common-ground, faith, love, loved-ones, relationships, solitude
when a man finds the woman he really loves, the one he respects and wants to call wife, there is nothing on earth he won't do for her. no mountain he won't hike. no river he won't wade. no door he won't open. she is eve and there's not a snake crawling that can keep them apart. | admiration, adoration, love, romance
the artist always has the masters in his eyes. | ambition, art, artist, eyes, love, master, work
i want you to be weak. as weak as i am. | love
what is a friend if not someone you feel close to, someone you like being with, someone you can confide in and share pleasure with.-jeremy malory- | danny, friendship, jeremy-malory, love
happiness does not come from without, it comes from within | happiness, life, love
one loves truly only once in a lifetime, julian, even if one isn’t aware of it. | love
every time i think i'm missing a piece of me, you give it back. | clace, clary-fray, herondale, jace, love, shadowhunters
you'd be surprised what people will do for money that they wouldn't do forlove.myrnin. | love, money
she knew whose love she doubted. it wasn't her parents' and it wasn't her friends: it was her own.  | love
it ought to make us feel ashamed when we talk like we know what we're talking about when we talk about love. | love
there is never a time or place for true love. it happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment. | love
it may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime... | fair, life
even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved. | appreciate, change, happiness, inspiration, inspirational, inspirational-attitude, inspirational-life, inspirational-quotes, inspire, inspiring, laugh, life, life-and-living, life-lessons, life-quotes, living, love, optimism, optimistic, positive, positive-affirmation, positive-life, positive-thinking, relationship, respect, smile, value
if you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then you're allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind. | anger, battles, betrayal, consequences, divorce, fights, hurt, judgement, justice, letting-go, love, low-self-esteem, moving-on, pain, relationships, revenge, self-worth, seperation, vindication
do you know how many ways love can hit you? so it makes you happy, or miserable? it makes you sick in the belly or hurt in the heart. it makes everything brighter and sharper, or it blurs all the edges. it makes you feel like a king or a fool. every way love can hit you, it's hit me when it comes to you | love, romance
the wounded child inside many males is a boy who, when he first spoke his truths, was silenced by paternal sadism, by a patriarchal world that did not want him to claim his true feelings. the wounded child inside many females is a girl who was taught from early childhood that she must become something other than herself, deny her true feelings, in order to attract and please others. when men and women punish each other for truth telling, we reinforce the notion that lies are better. to be loving we willingly hear the other’s truth, and most important, we affirm the value of truth telling. lies may make people feel better, but they do not help them to know love. | gender-roles, gender-stereotypes, love, relationships, truth
she didn't need to understand the meaning of life; it was enough to find someone who did, and then fall asleep in his arms and sleep as a child sleeps, knowing that someone stronger than you is protecting you from all evil and all danger | love, protection, support
then he made one last effort to search in his heart for the place where his affection had rotted away, and he could not find it. | heart, love
don’t marry him. don’t be with him. be with me. | love
i wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul. | dreams, finality, love, soul
in time, the hurt began to fade and it was easier to just let it go. at least i thought it was. but in every boy i met in the next few years, i found myself looking for you, and when the feelings got too strong, i'd write you another letter. but i never sent them for fear of what i might find. by then, you'd gone on with your life and i didn't want to think about you loving someone else. i wanted to remember us like we were that summer. i didn't ever want to lose that. | love
love is like quicksilver in the hand. leave the fingers open and it stays. clutch it and it darts away. | love
i'm yours for ever--for ever and ever. here i stand; i'm as firm as a rock. if you'll only trust me, how little you'll be disappointed. be mine as i am yours. | love
infatuation is not quite the same thing as love it's more like love's shady second cousin who's always borrowing money and can't hold down a job.  | infatuation, love
do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. the world you desire can be won. it exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours. | inspirational, life
then she was kissing him as she had never kissed him before...and it was blissful oblivion, better than firewhisky; she was the only real thing in the world. | cute, kiss, kissing, love, lovers
say it,” i gritted out.“the high lord of the night court is your mate. | fey, feyrhys, feysand, love, mates, rhysand, spoilers, the-suriel
she held up her calloused, grimy fingers. leo couldn't help thinking there was nothing hotter than a girl who didn't mind getting her hands dirty. but of course, that was just a general comment. didn't apply to calypso. obviously. | calypso, funny, humor, leo-valdez, love
and i, infinitesima­l being, drunk with the great starry void, likeness, image of mystery, i felt myself a pure part of the abyss, i wheeled with the stars, my heart broke loose on the wind. | love
"you two are too cute,” the counter girl said, setting two cups piled with whipped cream on the counter. she had a sort of lopsided, open smile that made me think she laughed a lot. “seriously. how long have you been going out?”sam let go of my hands to get his wallet and took out some bills. “six years.”i wrinkled my nose to cover a laugh. of course he would count the time that we’d been two entirely different species.whoa.” counter girl nodded appreciatively. “that’s pretty amazing for a couple your age.""sam handed me my hot chocolate and didn’t answer. but his yellow eyes gazed at me possessively—i wondered if he realized that the way he looked at me was far more intimate than copping a feel could ever be.i crouched to look at the almond bark on the bottom shelf in the counter. i wasn’t quite bold enough to look at either of them when i admitted, “well, it was love at first sight.”the girl sighed. “that is just so romantic. do me a favor, and don’t you two ever change. the world needs more love at first sight. | first, love, romantic, sight"
anyone lived in a pretty how town(with up so floating many bells down)spring summer autumn winterhe sang his didn't he danced his didwomen and men(both little and small)cared for anyone not at allthey sowed their isn't they reaped their samesun moon stars rainchildren guessed(but only a fewand down they forgot as up they grewautumn winter spring summer)that noone loved him more by morewhen by now and tree by leafshe laughed his joy she cried his griefbird by snow and stir by stillanyone's any was all to hersomeones married their everyoneslaughed their cryings and did their dance(sleep wake hope and then)theysaid their nevers they slept their dreamstars rain sun moon(and only the snow can begin to explainhow children are apt to forget to rememberwith up so floating many bells down)one day anyone died i guess(and noone stooped to kiss his face)busy folk buried them side by sidelittle by little and was by wasall by all and deep by deepand more by more they dream their sleepnoone and anyone earth by aprilwish by spirit and if by yes.women and men (both dong and ding)summer autumn winter springreaped their sowing and went their camesun moon stars rain | love
life is pain, highness. anyone who says differently is selling something. | life, pain
"he could totally be your boyfriend,"" [angel] went on with annoying persistance. ""you guys could get married. i could be like a junior bridesmaid. total could be your flower dog.""""i'm only a kid!"" i shrieked. ""i can't get married!""""you could in new hampshire."" | angel, fang, humor, love, marriage, max, maxride, relationships"
as unto the bow the the cord is ,so unto the man is woman;though she bends him, she obeys him,though she draws him , yet she follows:useless each without the other. | love, man, marriage, poetry, woman
those whom we most love are often the most alien to us. | closeness, family, love
i half closed my eyes and imagined this was the spot where everything i'd ever lost since my childhood had washed up, and i was now standing here in front of it, and if i waited long enough, a tiny figure would appear on the horizon across the field and gradually get larger until i'd see it was tommy, and he'd wave, and maybe even call. | lost, love, norfolk
wisdom is knowing i am nothing,love is knowing i am everything,and between the two my life moves. | life, love, wisdom
my nails dug into his back, and he trailed his lips down the edge of my chin, down the center of my neck. he kept going until he reached the bottom of the dress’s v-neck. i let out a small gasp, and he kissed all around the neckline, just enough to tease. | adorable, adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines, couple, dress, kissing, love, richelle-mead, sexy, sydney-sage, sydrian, the-indigo-spell
perfect love is the most beautiful of all frustrations because it is more than one can express. | love
some infinities are bigger than other infinities. | infinity, john-green, life, tfios, the-fault-in-our-stars
if one wanted to depict the whole thing graphically, every episode, with its climax, would require a three-dimensional, or, rather, no model: every experience is unrepeatable. what makes lovemaking and reading resemble each other most is that within both of them times and spaces open, different from measurable time and space. | love, reading, sex
her definition of romance was absentminded intimacy, the way someone else's hand stray to your plate of food.i replied: no, that's just friendship; romance is always knowing exactly where that someone else's hands are. she smiled and said, there was a time i thought that way, too. but at the heart of the romance is the knowledge that those hands may wander off elsewhere, but somehow through luck or destiny or plain blind groping they'll find a way back to you, and maybe you'll be smart enough then to be grateful for everything that's still possible, in spit of your own weaknesses- and his. | destiny, intimacy, karachi, love, pakistan, romance, weakness
let me tell ya. you gotta pay attention to signs. when life reaches out with a moment like this it's a sin if you don't reach back... i'm telling you. | chance, love, opportunity
you know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. it's not overrated. there's a reason for all those songs. | love
"so what i want to know is why it is that i can no longer find you, in my mind. you are still there, just, but you are there like a ghost, a will o' the wisp. not long ago you burned--your heart burned--in my mind like silver fire. but after that night in the inn it became patchy and dim, and now it is not there at all.""""could it be that the heart that you seek is no longer my own? i have given my heart to another.""""the boy? the one in the inn? with the unicorn?""""yes.""""you should have let me take it back then, for my sisters and me. we could have been young again, well into the next age of the world. your boy will break it, or waste it, or lose it. they all do.""""nonetheless, he has my heart. i hope your sisters will not be too hard on you, when you return to them without it. | love"
work without love is slavery. | faith, love, work
everything you can imagine is real. | art, imagination, inspirational, life
did you think you could stop me? i'll burn the world down to save her. | daemon-black, daemon-black-pov, katy-and-daemon, katy-swartz, love
loveembracing tao, you become embraced.supple, breathing gently, you become reborn.clearing your vision, you become clear.nurturing your beloved, you become impartial.opening your heart, you become accepted.accepting the world, you embrace tao.bearing and nurturing,creating but not owning,giving without demanding,controlling without authority,this is love. | love
"i didn't care who kissed you first as long as i kissed you last.""-george from if we kiss | kissing, love"
i want my world to start and end with you. | erotic-romance, love
have you ever been in love? horrible isn't it? it makes you so vulnerable. it opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. you build up all these defenses, you build up a whole suit of armor, so that nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life...you give them a piece of you. they didn't ask for it. they did something dumb one day, like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. love takes hostages. it gets inside you. it eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so simple a phrase like 'maybe we should be just friends' turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. it hurts. not just in the imagination. not just in the mind. it's a soul-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. i hate love. | love
it was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. but, somehow, logan made it sound just right. | happiness, hope, love
time has no meaning,love will endure.. | love, patience, time
one word frees us of all the weight and pain of life:that word is love. | love, pain
what i want is to be needed. what i need is to be indispensable to somebody. who i need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. somebody addicted to me. a mutual addiction. | love
when you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain. | love, romantic-advice
"i have loved you all my life, mal,"" i whispered through my tears. ""there is no end to our story. | alina, feels, love, mal"
but whatever however whenever this ends i want you to know that right now i love you forever | love, tumblr
i will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. i deserve better than that; i am better than that...goodbye. | breakup, commit, deserve, goodbye, happiness, inspirational, life, love, motivational, relationship, respect
someday, we’ll run into each other again, i know it.maybe i’ll be older and smarter and just plain better. if that happens,that’s when i’ll deserve you. but now, at this moment, you can’t hook your boat to mine, because i’m liable to sink us both. | love, sad, sadness, sink, someday, sorrow
real friendship or love is not manufactured or achieved by an act of will or intention. friendship is always an act of recognition. | friendship, love
perhaps the reason we are unable to love is that we yearn to be loved, that is, we demand something (love) from our partner instead of delivering ourselves up to him demand-free and asking for nothing but his company. | love
falling into ruin was a bit like falling in love: both descents stripped you bare and left you as you were at your core. and both endings are equally painful. | brother, dark, endings, love, phury, ruin
love is the extremely difficult realization that something other than oneself is real. | love, realization
last night i was seriously considering whether i was a bisexual or not but i don’t think so though i’m not sure if i’d like to be and argh i don’t think there’s anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals. | bisexuality, body, desire, funny, gender, gender-bending, gender-equality, honesty, individuality, lgbt, love, philosophy, relationships, sexuality
"soulmate"" is an overused term, but a true soul connection is very rare, and very real. | friendship, love, soul, soulmate"
perhaps all romance is like that not a contract between equal parties but an explosion of dreams and desires that can find no outlet in everyday life. only a drama will do and while the fireworks last the sky is a different colour.  | love, passion
abuse manipulates and twists a child’s natural sense of trust and love. her innocent feelings are belittled or mocked and she learns to ignore her feelings. she can’t afford to feel the full range of feelings in her body while she’s being abused—pain, outrage, hate, vengeance, confusion, arousal. so she short-circuits them and goes numb. for many children, any expression of feelings, even a single tear, is cause for more severe abuse. again, the only recourse is to shut down. feelings go underground. | abuse, child-abuse, guilt, healing, innocence, love, manipulation, repressed-feelings, shame, trust
..and i can't get you out of my mind,god knows how hard i've tried | getting-over-you, love, missing-you
your mother died to save you. if there is one thing voldemort cannot understand, it is love. love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves it's own mark. to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. | death, love
love is a force unto itself, sayyidi. for love, people consider the unthinkable...and often achieve the impossible. i would not sneer at its power. | force, love
oh, it's always the same,' she sighed, 'if you want men to behave well to you, you must be beastly to them; if you treat them decently they make you suffer for it. | love, men
under loves heavy burden do i sink.--romeo | love
i am no longer in love with her, that's certain, but maybe i love her. love is so short, forgetting is so long. | love, poetry
i'm not afraid of death | woody allen
nothing in this world was more difficult than love. | life, love, reality, relationships
not only didi love her,but i could tellthe universe lovedher, too.more than others.she was different.after all; i wouldbe a fool not tonotice the way thesunshine played withher hair. | love, love-quotes, universe
soul, if you want to learn secrets, your heart must forget about shame  and dignity. you are god's lover, yet you worry what people are saying. | heart, identity, love, rumi, shame
i'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them. | inspirational, love
time was passing like a hand waving from a train i wanted to be on. i hope you never have to think about anything as much as i think about you. | desperate, life, losing, love, nostalgia, pain, regret, solitude
no, this trick won't work... how on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love?  | chemistry, first-love, love, physics
everyone has something of beauty about them. but loving lets you look, and look, and look again. you notice the back of a hand, the turn of a head, the way of a walk. when you first love, you look blind and you see it all as the glorious, beloved whole, or a beautiful sum of beautiful parts. but when you see the one you love as pieces, as why's, you can love those parts too, and it's a love at once more complicated and more complete. | beauty, love
love is blind, they say--but isn't it more that love makes us see too much? isn't it more that love floods our brain with sights and sounds, so that everything looks bigger, brighter, more lovely than ever before? | love
i can't sleep, i can't eat, i can't do anything but think about him. at night i dream of him, all day i wait to see him, and when i do see him my heart turns over and i think i will faint with desire. | love
nico studied his face – his sea-green eyes, his grin, his ruffled black hair. somehow percy jackson seemed like a regular guy now, not a mythical figure. not someone to idolize or crush on. | crush, love, nico-di-angelo, percy-jackson
but you cant shut everyone out. i mean you have to have someone to love. . .someone to hold on to. . . someone-- | fear, love, trying
maybe the first time you saw her you were ten. she was standing in the sun scratching her legs. or tracing letters in the dirt with a stick. her hair was being pulled. or she was pulling someone's hair. and a part of you was drawn to her, and a part of you resisted--wanting to ride off on your bicycle, kick a stone, remain uncomplicated. in the same breath you felt the strength of a man, and a self-pity that made you feel small and hurt. part of you thought: please don't look at me. if you don't, i can still turn away. and part of you thought: look at me. | love, romance
i love you, i thought. but i didn’t say it. it was not that i feared she would laugh in my face. she was far too kind for that. my fear was a greater one— that she won’t say it back. | fear, love
mass is not proportional to volume. a girl as small as a violet. a girl who moves like a flower petal is pulling me toward her with more force than her mass. just then, like newton’s apple, i rolled toward her without stopping until i fell on her, with a thump. with a thump. my heart keeps bouncing between the sky and the ground. it was my first love. | goblin, guardian, love, physics-on-the-love, tragic-love
we outgrow love like other things and put it in a drawer, till it an antique fashion shows like costumes grandsires wore. | love
she imagines him imagining her. this is her salvation.in spirit she walks the city, traces its labyrinths, its dingy mazes: each assignation, each rendezvous, each door and stair and bed. what he said, what she said, what they did, what they did then. even the times they argued, fought, parted, agonized, rejoined. how they’d loved to cut themselves on each other, taste their own blood. we were ruinous together, she thinks. but how else can we live, these days, except in the midst of ruin? | chaos, loss, love, lovers
i don't want to lose you.' his voice almost a whisper. seeing his haggard expression, she took his hand and squeezed it, then reluctantly let it go. she could feel the tears again, and she fought them back. 'but you don't want to keep me, either, do you?' to that, he had no response. | love
can't you see? every step i have taken, since i was that child on the bridge, has been to bring myself closer to you.  | love
"think how you love me,"" she whispered. ""i don’t ask you to love me always like this, but i ask you to remember. somewhere inside me there’ll always be the person i am to-night. | love"
"there was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of hermione's arms. running at ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted hermione off her feet. ""is this the moment?"" harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that ron and hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. ""oi! there's a war going on here!"" ron and hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other. ""i know, mate,"" said ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a bludger, ""so it's now or never, isn't it?"" ""never mind that, what about the horcrux?"" harry shouted. ""d'you think you could just --- just hold it in, until we've got the diadem?"" ""yeah --- right --- sorry ---"" said ron, and he and hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face. | love, romance, war"
i believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear. | fear, love, opportunity
i have so much love for you, i could fill rooms with it. buildings. you’re surrounded by it wherever you go, you walk through it, breathe it...it’s in your lungs, and under your tongue, and between your fingers and toes...” his mouth moved passionately over hers, urging her lips apart. it was a kiss to level mountains and shake stars from the sky. it was a kiss to make angels faint and demons weep...a passionate, demanding, soul-searing kiss that nearly knocked the earth off its axis. or at least that was how poppy felt about it. | kiss, kleypas, love, passion, romance
do you know what hurts so very much? it's love. love is the strongest force in the world, and when it is blocked that means pain. there are two things we can do when this happens. we can kill that love so that it stops hurting. but then of course part of us dies, too. or we can ask god to open up another route for that love to travel. | christianity, love
ang great love mo, hindi mo makakatuluyan. ang makakatuluyan mo ay yung correct love. | correct-love, great-love, love, pag-ibig
we're all human, aren't we? every human life is worth the same, and worth saving. | human, life, value, worth
one ought to hold on to one's heart; for if one lets it go, one soon loses control of the head too. | emotions, heart, insanity, love, rationality, reason
if you press me to say why i loved him, i can say no more than because he was he, and i was i. | love
"you act young,"" he said, ""because you are young. but you know things, roza. things people older than you don't even know. that day...."" i knew instantly which day he referred to. the one up against the wall. ""you were right, about how i fight to stay in control. no one else has ever figured that out- and it scared me. you scare me.""""why? don't you want anyone to know?""he shrugged. ""whether they know that fact or not doesn't matter. what matters is that someone- that you- know me that well. when a person can see into your soul, it's hard. it forces you to be open. vulnerable. it's much easier being with someone who's just more of a casual friend.""""like tasha.""""tasha ozera is an amazing woman. she's beautiful and she's brave. but she doesn't-""""she doesn't get you,"" i finished.he nodded. ""i knew that. but i still wanted the relationship. i knew it would be easy and that she could take me away from you. i thought she could make me forget you.""i'd thought the same thing about mason. ""but she couldn't.""""yes. and, so.....that's a problem. | dimitri-belikov, love, richelle-mead, rose-hathaway"
things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect. | death, love
i would love to saythat youmake meweak in the kneesbutto be quite upfrontand completelytruthfulyoumake my bodyforgetit has kneesat all. | love, poetry
here's something else to think about: calling when you say you're going to is the very first brick in the house you are building of love and trust. if he can't lay this one stupid brick down, you ain't never gonna have a house baby, and it's cold outside. | behrendt, dating, greg, he-s-not-just-into-you, love, marriage, romance, truth
i realized when you look at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know. | love, mother, truth
love is keeping the promise anyway. | love
tonight i can write the saddest linesi loved her, and sometimes she loved me too. | love, sadness
love is merely a madness; and, i tell you, deserves as well a dark house and a whip as madmen do; and the reason why they are not so punish'd and cured is that the lunacy is soordinary that the whippers are in love too. | insanity, love, madness
you’ll get over it…” it’s the clichés that cause the trouble. to lose someone you love is to alter your life for ever. you don’t get over it because ‘it” is the person you loved. the pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. how could it? the particularness of someone who mattered enough to grieve over is not made anodyne by death. this hole in my heart is in the shape of you and no-one else can fit it. why would i want them to? | loss, love
some moments are nice, some arenicer, some are even worthwritingabout. | bukowski, love, moments, nice, poetry, war-all-the-time, writing
"i was blind and heart broken and didn't want to do anything and gus burst into my room and shouted, ""i have wonderful news!"" and i was like, ""i don't really want to hear wonderful news right now,"" and gus said, ""this is wonderful news you want to hear,"" and i asked him, ""fine, what is it?"" and he said, ""you are going to live a good and long life filled with great and terrible moments that you cannot even imagine yet! | broken-heart, inspirtational, life, love, optimism"
love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. | love
"maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again.""""hell,"" i said, ""i love you enough now. what do you want to do? ruin me?""""yes. i want to ruin you.""""good,"" i said. ""that's what i want too. | infatuation, love"
i'll be looking for you, will, every moment, every single moment. and when we do find each other again, we'll cling together so tight that nothing and no one'll ever tear us apart. every atom of me and every atom of you... we'll live in birds and flowers and dragonflies and pine trees and in clouds and in those little specks of light you see floating in sunbeams... and when they use our atoms to make new lives, they wont' just be able to take one, they'll have to take two, one of you and one of me, we'll be joined so tight... | love, physics
we all know interspecies romance is weird. | aliens, animals, biology, genetics, interspecies, love, romance, sci-fi, science-fiction, scifi, weird, weirdness
a best friend is the only one that walks into your life when the world has walked out. | acceptance, adversity, best-friend, breakups, caring, child, cruelty, dad, dumped, endings, family, friendship, hurt, illness, love, mental-disorders, misunderstood-fights, mom, pain, rejection, sorrow, spouse, support, support-system, tough-times, trials, true-friendship
friendship is selfless love, care, respect, and honor not a profitable opportunity. | care, friendship, love, opportunity, respect
you forget all of it anyway. first, you forget everything you learned-the dates of the hay-herran treaty and pythagorean theorem. you especially forget everything you didn't really learn, but just memorized the night before. you forget the names of all but one or two of your teachers, and eventually you'll forget those, too. you forget your junior class schedule and where you used to sit and your best friend's home phone number and the lyrics to that song you must have played a million times. for me, it was something by simon & garfunkel. who knows what it will be for you? and eventually, but slowly, oh so slowly, you forget your humiliations-even the ones that seemed indelible just fade away. you forget who was cool and who was not, who was pretty, smart, athletic, and not. who went to a good college. who threw the best parties who could get you pot. you forget all of them. even the ones you said you loved, and even the ones you actually did. they're the last to go. and then once you've forgotten enough, you love someone else. | forget, life, love
finish each day and be done with it. you have done what you could. some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in | ralph waldo emerson
there are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for. | love, romance, sorry, wisdom
life is what happens to us while we are making other plans. | fate, life, misattributed-john-lennon, planning, plans
i don't remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don't even know exist until you love a child. | children, love, parenting
i say, “in the contract we said we wouldn’t break each other’s hearts. what if we do it again?” fiercely he says, “what if we do? if we’re so guarded, it’s not going to be anything. let’s do it fucking for real, lara jean. let’s go all in. no more contract. no more safety net. you can break my heart. do whatever you want with it. | love
in definitiv, cu cat vei ridica un zid mai inalt in jurul tau cu atat va fi mai bun cel care-l va sari. | inspirational, love
"like thisif anyone asks youhow the perfect satisfactionof all our sexual wantingwill look, lift your faceand say,like this.when someone mentions the gracefulnessof the nightsky, climb up on the roofand dance and say,like this.if anyone wants to know what ""spirit"" is,or what ""god’s fragrance"" means,lean your head toward him or her.keep your face there close.like this.when someone quotes the old poetic imageabout clouds gradually uncovering the moon,slowly loosen knot by knot the stringsof your robe.like this.if anyone wonders how jesus raised the dead,don’t try to explain the miracle.kiss me on the lips.like this. like this.when someone asks what it meansto ""die for love,"" pointhere.if someone asks how tall i am, frownand measure with your fingers the spacebetween the creases on your forehead.this tall.the soul sometimes leaves the body, the returns.when someone doesn’t believe that,walk back into my house.like this.when lovers moan,they’re telling our story.like this.i am a sky where spirits live.stare into this deepening blue,while the breeze says a secret.like this.when someone asks what there is to do,light the candle in his hand.like this.how did joseph’s scent come to jacob?huuuuu.how did jacob’s sight return?huuuu.a little wind cleans the eyes.like this.when shams comes back from tabriz,he’ll put just his head around the edgeof the door to surprise us like this. | love"
if you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world. | love
eternity is in love with the productions of time. | love, time
dustfinger still clearly remembered the feeling of being in love for the first time. how vulnerable his heart had suddenly been! such a trembling, quivering thing, happy and miserably unhappy at once. | happiness, love
"we kiss all the time."" i clear my throat, then add, ""we just...do it in private."" ""a smug expression crosses his face. ""i don't buy it for a second, 'cause if you were my girlfriend and a stud like me was livin' in your house, i'd kiss you in front of the guy every chance i got as a reminder."" ""a reminder of w-w-what?"" ""that you were mine. | boyfriend, couples, kiss, love, relationships, romance"
you've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,love like you'll never be hurt,sing like there's nobody listening,and live like it's heaven on earth. | dance, heaven, hurt, inspirational, life, love, sing
love, and you shall be loved. | love
"i'd love to, she finally said,""on one condition.""i steadied myself, hoping it wasn't something too awful.""yes?""""you have to promise that you won't fall in love with me.""i knew she was kidding me by the way she laughed, and i couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.sometimes, i had to admit, jamie had a pretty good sense of humor.i smiled and gave her my word. | love, romance"
what's your heart telling you to do?i don't know.'maybe, you're trying too hard to hear it. | love, mother, son
so she thoroughly taught him that one cannot take pleasure without giving pleasure, and that every gesture, every caress, every touch, every glance, every last bit of the body has its secret, which brings happiness to the person who knows how to wake it. she taught him that after a celebration of love the lovers should not part without admiring each other, without being conquered or having conquered, so that neither is bleak or glutted or has the bad feeling of being used or misused. | love, making-love, pleasure, respect, sensuality, sex, touch
love is larger than the walls which shut it in. | christianity, love
"i'm not good enough for you. but no one is. and most men, good or bad, have limits to what they would do, even for someone they love. i have none. no god, no moral code, no faith in anything. except you. you're my religion. i would do anything you asked. i would fight, steal, kill for you.""-kev to win | hathaways, kev, love, obsession, win"
love those you hate you. | hate, inspirational, love
a first child is your own best foot forward, and how you do cheer those little feet as they strike out. you examine every turn of flesh for precocity, and crow it to the world. but the last one: the baby who trails her scent like a flag of surrender through your life when there will be no more coming after--oh, that' s love by a different name. | babies, children, love, motherhood
tears are words the heart can't express | definitions, life, love
what it means to be human is to bring up your children in safety, educate them, keep them healthy, teach them how to care for themselves and others, allow them to develop in their own way among adults who are sane and responsibile, who know the value of the world and not its economic potential. it means art, it means time, it means all the invisibles never counted by the gdp and the census figures. it means knowing that life has an inside as well as an outside. and i think it means love. | children, education, humanity, love
can't you just like a girl who likes you back?''none of them likes me back. i may as well like the one i really want. | crush, high-school, humor, love
every time i close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise. no one compares to you, but there's no you, except in my dreams tonight | dreams, love
since feeling is firstwho pays any attentionto the syntax of thingswill never wholly kiss you;wholly to be a foolwhile spring is in the worldmy blood approves,and kisses are a far better fatethan wisdomlady i swear by all flowers. don't cry--the best gesture of my brain is less thanyour eyelids' flutter which sayswe are for eachother: thenlaugh, leaning back in my armsfor life's not a paragraphand death i think is no parenthesis | feeling, kiss, love
i'm a little pencil in the hand of a writing god, who is sending a love letter to the world. | agape, love, metaphor, paraphrased
some feelings sink so deep into the heart that only loneliness can help you find them again. some truths are so painful that only shame can help you live with them. some things are so sad that only your soul can do the crying for them. | love
we are not trapped or locked up in these bones. no, no. we are free to change. and love changes us. and if we can love one another, we can break open the sky. | change, growth, love
if you love a flower that lives on a star, it is sweet to look at the sky at night. all the stars are a-bloom with flowers... | love
i'll understand if you don't want me. but i will be heartbroken. you are all i ever dreamed of and hoped for. you are much, much more. please know that i didn't think i was mean-minded. but i realize i am. i don't want you to put your arms around me and say it's all right, that you forgive me. i want you to be sure that you do, and my love for you will last as long as i live. i can see no lightness, no humour, no joke to make. i just hope that we will be able to go back to when we had laughter, and the world was coloured, not black and white and grey. i am so sorry for hurting you. i could inflict all kinds of pain on myself, but it would not take back any i gave to you. - david power | forgiveness, love, romance, sorry
he's around the twist,' said azalea. 'breaking all the windows? he's mad.' to break all the windows in the house and drown yourself in a bucket but don't actually do it, well, that's love. | humor, love
don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you. | altruism, care, caring, designer, ego, happiness, life, love, nobody, self-love, self-sacrifice, selfish, wisdom
a girl can still admire, can’t she? even those who can’t afford to go in the store can still window-shop. right? knowing he wasn’t for me didn’t mean i couldn’t covet the merchandise. | attractiveness, humor, love, male-beauty, romance, sex-appeal
it's easy to look back and see it, and it's easy to give the advice. but the sad fact is, most people don't look beneath the surface until it's too late. | advice, character, deep, fact, life, love, people, personality, surface, truth
falling in love, we said; i fell for him. we were falling women. we believed in it, this downward motion: so lovely, like flying, and yet at the same time so dire, so extreme, so unlikely. god is love, they once said, but we reversed that, and love, like heaven, was always just around the corner. the more difficult it was to love the particular man beside us, the more we believed in love, abstract and total. we were waiting, always, for the incarnation. that word, made flesh.and sometimes it happened, for a time. that kind of love comes and goes and is hard to remember afterwards, like pain. you would look at the man one day and you would think, i loved you, and the tense would be past, and you would be filled with a sense of wonder, because it was such an amazing and precarious and dumb thing to have done; and you would know too why your friends had been evasive about it, at the time.there is a good deal of comfort, now, in remembering this. | love
only you could be more important than what i wanted...what i needed. what i want and what i need is to be with you, and i know i'll never be strong enough to leave again. | love, misery
i didn't call you because i'm tired of you only wanting me around when you need something. i'm tired of watching you be in love with someone else - someone, incidentally, who will never love you back. not the way i do. | alec-lightwood, bromance, love, magnus-bane, the-mortal-instruments, unrequited-love
this time i wouldn't forget him, because i couldn't ever forgive him - for breaking my heart twice. | broken-heart, forgetting, love
...i told him a story of two people. two people who shouldn't have met, and who didn't like each other much when they did, but who found they were the only two people in the world who could possibly have understood each other. | friendship-and-love, heartbreak, life, love
love is not patronizing and charity isn't about pity, it is about love. charity and love are the same -- with charity you give love, so don't just give money but reach out your hand instead. | charity, christian-behavior, compassion, helping-others, love, paraphrased, service
i’m not a warrior or a goddess,” i said at last.adrian leaned closer. “as far as i’m concerned, you’re both. | adorable, adrian-ivashkov, bloodlines, couple, cute, love, sexy, sydney-sage, sydrian, the-indigo-spell
define yourself radically as one beloved by god. this is the true self. every other identity is illusion. | beloved, faith, god, identity, love, self
are those the only options? nothing or forever? | dexter, love
my point is that love is the most powerful motivator in the world. it spurs mortals to greatness. their noblest, bravest acts are done for love. | bravery, love
sometimes the one who is running from the life/death/life nature insists on thinking of love as a boon only. yet love in its fullest form is a series of deaths and rebirths. we let go of one phase, one aspect of love, and enter another. passion dies and is brought back. pain is chased away and surfaces another time. to love means to embrace and at the same time to withstand many endings, and many many beginnings- all in the same relationship. | love, relationships
he offered her the world. she said she had her own. | freedom, love, monique-duval, relationship
reality continues to ruin my life. | calvin-and-hobbes, humor, life
you cannot find peace by avoiding life. | life, peace
in fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. in real life, the pricesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs. | life, love
sometimes i feel like we're a knot, too tangled to be taken apart. | history, love, tangled
had i the heavens' embroidered cloths,enwrought with golden and silver light,the blue and the dim and the dark clothsof night and light and the half light,i would spread the cloths under your feet:but i, being poor, have only my dreams;i have spread my dreams under your feet;tread softly because you tread on my dreams. | dreams, love, money
deep in my heart i'm concealing things that i'm longing to say. scared to confess what i'm feeling - frightened you'll slip away. | fear, love
i've no more business to marry edgar linton than i have to be in heaven and if the wicked man in there had not brought heathcliff so low i shouldn't have thought of it. it would degrade me to marry heathcliff now so he shall never know how i love him and that not because he's handsome nelly but because he's more myself than i am. whatever our souls are made of his and mine are the same and linton's is as different as a moonbeam from lightning or frost from fire. | likeness, love, marriage, souls
do you know what i see in you now? the usual aura. a steady golden yellow, healthy and strong, with spikes of purple here and there. but when i do this. . . .”he rested a hand on my hip, and my whole body tensed up. that hand moved around my hip, slipping under my shirt to rest on the small of my back. my skin burned where he touched me, and the places that were untouched longed for that heat.. the colors deepen, it burns more intensely, the purple increases. why? why, sydney?” he used that hand on me to pull me closer. “why do you react that way if i don’t mean anything to you?” there was a desperation in his voice, and it was legitimate. | adrian-ivashkov, angst, attraction, aura, denial-of-feelings, feelings, love, sydney-sage, tension
i was trying to go... somewhere. but i kept getting pulled back here. i couldn't stop walking, couldn't stop thinking. about the first time i ever saw you, and how after i couldn't forget you. i wanted to, but i couldn't stop myself. i forced hodge to let me be the one who came to find you and bring you back to the institute. and even back then, in that stupid coffee shop, when i saw you with simon, even then that felt wrong to me-- i should have been the one sitting with you. the one who made you laugh like that. i couldn't get rid of that feeling. that it should have been me. and the more i knew you, the more i felt it-- it had never been like that for me before. i'd always wanted a girl and then gotten to know her and not wanted her anymore, but with you the feeling just got stronger and stronger until that night when you showed up at renwick's and i knew. and then to find out the reason i felt like that-- like you were some part of me i'd lost and never ever knew i was missing until i saw you again-- that the reason was that you were my sister, it felt like some cosmic joke. like god was spitting on me. i don't even know for what-- for thinking that i actually get to have you, that i would deserve something like that, to be happy. i couldn't imagine what it was i'd done that i was being punished for-- | clary-fray, jace-wayland, love
the opposite of love is not hate. it is indifference. | hate, indifference, love
wait. this was the first lesson i had learned about love. the day drags along, you make thousands of plans, you imagine every possible conversation, you promise to change your behavior in certain ways -- and you feel more and more anxious until your loved one arrives. but by then, you don't know what to say. the hours of waiting have been transformed into tension, the tension has become fear, and the fear makes you embarrassed about showing affection. | love, waiting
there has to be a moment at the beginning where you wonder whether you’re in love with the person or in love with the feeling of love itself. if the moment doesn’t pass, that’s it—you’re done. and if the moment does pass, it never goes that far. it stands in the distance, ready for whenever you want it back. sometimes it’s even there when you thought you were searching for something else, like an escape route, or your lovers’ face. | love
i got my heart's desire, and there my troubles began. | desire, love, relationships, trouble
a wonderful gift may not be wrapped as you expect. | expectations, gift, love, openness, wonderful
he looked so lost, so soulful, so lonely. i wanted him to kiss me now. i wanted to let him know i was his for all eternity. | devotion, love, true-love
we're all a little weird. and life is a little weird. and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness — and call it love — true love. | love, misattributed-dr-seuss, weirdness
friendship often ends in love. but love in friendship never.  | friendship, love
you are evidence of your mother's strength, especially if you are a rebellious knucklehead and regardless she has always maintained her sanity. | appreciation, difficulties, disobedience, disrespect, humor, knucklehead, love, moms, mother, motherly-love, mothers-day, obedience, rebellion, respect, strength, tolerance, unconditional, unconditional-love
we have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. | authenticity, life, philosophy, self
...no woman can love a weak man hard enough to make him strong. | love, man, strong, truth, weak, woman
"he looks at her and smiles. ""you're sort of dangerous, you know?"" she stares at him. ""me?"" ""yeah,"" he says sitting back. ""i'm way too honest with you. | connection, love"
everything is clearer when you're in love. | love
they didn’t agree on much. in fact, they didn’t agree on anything. they fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. but despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. they were crazy about each other. | dear-john, love, nicholas-sparks, romance, the-notebook
to love is to suffer and there can be no love otherwise. | love
"ginny, listen...i can't be involved with you anymore. we've got to stop seeing each other. we can't be together.""""it's for some stupid noble reason isn't it?""""it's been like...like something out of someone else's life these last few weeks with you. but i can't...we can't...i've got to do things alone now. voldemort uses people his enemies are close to. he's already used you as bait once, and that was just because you were my best friend's sister. think how much danger you'll be in if we keep this up. he'll know, he'll find out. he'll try and get me through you.""""what if i don't care?""""i care. how do you think i'd feel if this was your funeral...and it was my fault... | death, ginny-weasley, harry-potter, love, voldemort"
love needs room to grow. like a rose. or a tumor. | christopher-moore, fool, love, rose, tumor
he loved her, of course, but better than that, he chose her, day after day. choice: that was the thing. | choice, love
never, never, never. i am never going to forget you. | lee, liam, love, ruby
"vladimir did great things—so could she. besides, they come first, right?""""not always.""i stared. i'd had they come first drilled into me since i was a child. it was what all guardians believed. only the dhampirs who'd run away from their duty didn't subscribe to that. what he said was almost like treason.""sometimes, rose, you have to know when to put yourself first. | love, vampire-academy"
"his hands lay flat on either side of him, his arms at his sides. he seemed barely to be breathing; she wasn't sure she was breathing herself. she slid her own hand across the bedsheet, just far enough that their fingers touched-so lightly that she would have probably hardly been aware of it had she been touching anyone but jace; as it was, the nerve endings in her fingertips pricked softly, as if she were holding them over a low flame. she felt him tense beside her and then relax. he had shut his eyes, and his lashes cast fine shadows against the curve of his cheekbones. his mouth curled into a smile as if he sensed her watching him, and she wondered how he would look in the morning, with his hair messed and sleep circles under his eyes. despite everything, the thought gave her a jolt of happiness.she laced her fingers through his. ""good night,"" she whispered. with their hands clasped like children in a fairy tale, she fell asleep beside him in the dark. | clary-fray, jace-and-clary, jace-wayland, love"
art and love are the same thing: it’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you. | art, love, profound
if you're a bird... i'm a bird... | love
she lived with hurricane eyes and fell in love with the way the waves collapsed against her cheeks. | inspirational, love, poetry
the way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name; it's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever change. | love
if you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. even if you can't get together with that person. | hope, love
i wonder what i will do if she doesn't wake up, and i don't have an answer. as i lie back down next to her and pull her into my arms, my stomach growls, and suddenly i know exactly what i will do. if she doesn't wake up, then i will just lie with her until i don't wake up either. | death, love
i'd run my whole life long to reach you |  traverse jungle and desert to find you
love doesn't mean anything if you're not willing to make a commitment, and you have to think not only about what you want, but about what he wants. not just now, but in the future. | love, relationships
i am not a broken heart. i am not collarbones or drunken letters never sent. i am not the way i leave or left or didn’t know how to handle anything,at any time,and i am not your fault. | broken-hearted, collarbones, drunk, fault, growing-up, heartbreak, left, letters, letting-go, love, move-on, the-glass-child, weight-loss, youth
how could you go about choosing something that would hold the half of your heart you had to bury? | bereavement, casket, death, funeral, heart, loss, love, mourning
i love you, missy girl. even if i can't be with you, know that i'm here. so, that's it. more than the stars, taylor. more than the stars. | love, stars
love, like fire, goes out without fuel. | fire, love
you didn’t think i’d let you go alone, did you?”“no, but i’m grateful that i had you with me.”“grateful is all i’m going to get, isn’t it?”“what else were you hoping for?”“adoration, devotion, affection, infatuation, or just plain finding me irresistible.”“sorry, don juan. you’ll have to live with my undying gratitude. | love, romance
but she needs me more than she needs him and i guess being needed is almost as good as being loved. maybe better. | dependent, love, parenting
sometimes you know you've got a chance with a girl because she wants to fight with you. if the world wasn't so messed up, it wouldn't be like that. if the world was normal, a girl being nice to you would be a good sign, but in the real world, it isn't. | humour, love, romance
while i was drying off maddie after her bath tonight, she said, 'i love you' to me for the first time. it sounded like 'all lub boo,' but i didn't care. to reciprocate, i showed her what an ex-marine looks like when he cries. | children, humor, love, parenting
"does that count as an argument? can we kiss and make up now?”""it was only half an argument.”“fine. then, you kiss and i’ll make up.”i laughed until he effectively shut me up with his lips. | love, romance"
i love her, and that's the beginning and end of everything. | love
twice i have lived forever in a smile | cummings, love, poetry, smiling
what is it the i'll want from you? not love: that would be too much to ask. not forgiveness, which isn't yours to bestow. only a listener, perhaps; only someone who will see me. don't prettify me though, whatever else you do: i have no wish to be a decorated skull. but i leave myself in your hands. what choice do i have? by the time you read this last page, that- if anywhere- is the only place i will be. | forgiveness, last-page, love, the-threshold
it's so curious: one can resist tears and 'behave' very well in the hardest hours of grief. but then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window, or one notices that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed, or a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.  | collapse, curiosity, flowers, friendly, friends, grief, letter, love, smile, tears
i felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they? | body, cool, desire, erotic, erotica, funny, girl, honesty, humor, humour, incest, love, lust, passion, relationships, romance, sex, sexuality, sister, taboo, truth, wisdom
i like being the girl nobody can have. | love
a definition not found in the dictionary not leaving: an act of trust and love,often deciphered by children | children, love
if you listen to the wind very carefully, you'll be able to hear me whisper my love for you. | distance, love
i miss you.i miss you. i miss you, i miss you.be ready, because when i see you, i'll never let you go again. | longing, love, never-let-go
a broken heart in real life isn't half as dreadful as it is in books. it's a good deal like a bad tooth, though you won't think that a very romantic simile. it takes spells of aching and gives you a sleepless night now and then, but between times it lets you enjoy life and dreams and echoes and peanut candy as if there were nothing the matter with it. | broken-heart, dreams, life, love, sleeplessness
"no matter how long or how difficult, we will undo whatever that moroi boy has done to you."" to me. | adrian-and-sydney, adrian-ivashkov, love, otp, otp-foreva, otp-in-love, rochelle-mead, sex, star-crossed-lovers, sydney-sage, sydrian, the-fiery-heart"
by the time you swear you're his,shivering and sighing.and he vows his passion is,infinite, undying.lady make note of this --one of you is lying. | courtship, cynicism, love, lying, passion
it's not at all hard to understand a person it's only hard to listen without bias. | attention, bias, compassion, comprehension, discernment, fear, judgmentality, listening, love, prejudice, understanding
she wanted something else, something different, something more. passion and romance, perhaps, or maybe quiet conversations in candlelit rooms, or perhaps something as simple as not being second. | love, passion, romance
americans... are forever searching for love in forms it never takes, in places it can never be. it must have something to do with the vanished frontier. | americans, frontier, love
romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else. | love, nicholas-sparks, romance
akkarin: i watched the first woman i loved die. i dont think i can survive losing the second.sonea: i love you too. | love
and max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all. | love
if you simply ignored the feeling, you would never know what might happen, and in many ways that was worse than finding out in the first place. because if you were wrong, you could go forward in your life without ever looking back over your shoulder and wondering what might have been. | bhie, feeling, love, message-in-a-bottle, nicholas-sparks, regret, wondering
sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together. | hope, inspiration, love
through an arrow loop in the wall she saw a familiar horse and rider tearing across the camp toward the healing rooms. brigan pulled up at nash's feet and dropped from the saddle. the two brothers threw their arms around each other and embraced hard.shortly thereafter he stepped into the healing rooms and leaned in the doorway, looking across at her quietly. brocker's son with the gentle gray eyes.she abandoned all pretense of decorum and ran at him. | brigan, brocker, fire, love
so i am not a broken heart. i am not the weight i lost or miles or ran and i am not the way i slept on my doorstep under the bare sky in smell of tears and whiskey because my apartment was empty and if i were to be this empty i wanted something solid to sleep on. like concrete. i am not this year and i am not your fault.i am muscles building cells, a little every day, because they broke that day,but bones are stronger once they heal and i am smiling to the bus driver and replacing my groceries once a week and i am not sitting for hours in the shower anymore. i am the way a life unfolds and bloom and seasons come and go and i am the way the spring always finds a way to turn even the coldest winter into a field of green and flowers and new life. i am not your fault. | apartment, bones, break-up, broken, cold, day, drinking, drunk, empty, every-day, flowers, green, growing, healing, health, heart, hours, inspiration, inspiring, life, losing, lost, love, miles, new-beginning, new-day, new-life, new-start, night, night-sky, return, running, sad, seasons, shower, sky, spring, strong, stronger, tears, the-glass-child, this-year, tumblr-writer, unfolds, week, weight, whisky, winter, youth
i wish i had a boyfriend. i wish he lived in the wardrobe on a coat hanger. whenever i wanted, i could get him out and he'd look at me the way boys do in films, as if i'm beautiful. | love
and he knew, also, what the old man was thinking as his tears flowed, and he, rieux, thought it too: that a loveless world is a dead world, and always there comes an hour when one is weary of prisons, of one's work, and of devotion to duty, and all one craves for is a loved face, the warmth and wonder of a loving heart. | love
when you want something this badly, you don't just give up. you fight and fight until you absolutely can't fight anymore. | love, want
i would always rather be happy than dignified. | love, pride, women
other people spoke, and i tried to keep up with the translations. all the stories were about dimitri's kindness and strength of character. even when not out battling the undead, dimitri had always been there to help those who needed it. almost everyone could recall sometime that dimitri had stepped up to help others, going out of his way to do what was right, even in situations that could put him at risk. that was no surprise to me. dimitri always did the right thing.and it was that attitude that had made me love him so much. i had a similar nature. i too rushed in when others needed me, sometimes when i shouldn't have. others called me crazy for it, but dimitri had understood. he'd always understood me, and part of what we'd worked on was how to temper that impulsive need to run into danger with reason and calculation. i had a feeling no one else in this world would ever understand me like he did. | blood-promise, dimitri, love, rose, vampire-academy
you can't own a human being. you can't lose what you don't own. suppose you did own him. could you really love somebody who was absolutely nobody without you? you really want somebody like that? somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door? you don't, do you? and neither does he. you're turning over your whole life to him. your whole life, girl. and if it means so little to you that you can just give it away, hand it to him, then why should it mean any more to him? he can't value you more than you value yourself. | love, self-worth, women
i want morning and noon and nightfall with you. i want your tears, your smiles, your kisses...the smell of your hair, the taste of your skin, the touch of your breath on my face. i want to see you in the final hour of my life...to lie in your arms as i take my last breath. | longing, love, lovers, reunion
anxiety is love's greatest killer. it makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. you want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic. | anxiety, love, saveing
she had never imagined she had the power to make someone else so happy. and not a magical power, either--a purely human one. | happiness, love, power
love is a serious mental disease. | love
i want you, hank. i'm much more of an animal than you think. i wanted you from the first moment i saw you - and the only thing i'm ashamed of is that i did not know it. i did not know why, for two years, the brightest moments i found were the ones in your office, where i could lift my head to look up at you. i did not know the nature of what i felt in your presence, nor the reason. i know it now. that is all i want, hank. i want you in my bed - and you are free of me for all the rest of your time. there's nothing you'll have to pretend - don't think of me, don't feel; don't care - i do not want your mind, your will, your being or your soul, so long as it's to me you will come for that lowest one of your desires. i am an animal who wants nothing but the sensation of pleasure which you despise - but i want it from you. you'd give up amy height of virtue for it , while i - i haven't any to give up. there's none i seek or wish to reach. i am so low that i would exchange the greatest sight of beauty in the world for the sight of your figure in the cab of a railroad engine. amd seeing it, i would not be able to see it indifferently. you don't have to fear that you're now dependent on me. it's i who will depend on any whim of yours. you'll have me anytime you wish, anywhere, on any terms. did you call it the obscenity of my talent? it's such that it gives you a safer hold on me than on any other property you own. you may dispose of me as you please - i'm not afraid to admit it - i have nothing to protect from you and nothing to reserve. you think that this is a threat to your achievement, but it is not to mine. i will sit at my desk, and work, and when the things around me get hard to bear, i will think that for my reward i will be in your bed that night. did you call it depravity? i am much more depraved than you are: you hold it as your guilt, and i - as my pride. i'm more proud of it than anything i've done, more proud than of building the line. if i'm asked to name my proudest attainment, i will say: i have slept with hank rearden. i had earned it. | love, passion, sex
i want love to conquer all. but love can't conquer anything. it can't do anything on it's own.it relies on us to do the conquering on its behalf. | love
if you love someone but rarely make yourself available to him or her, that is not true love. | love, true-love
he knew one of the women well, and had shared his universe with her. they had seen the same mountains, and the same trees, although each of them had seem them differently. she knew his weaknesses, his moments of hatred, of despair. yet she was there at his side. they shared the same universe. | life, love, relationships
in the moment when i truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment i also love him. i think it’s impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. and then, in that very moment when i love them.... i destroy them. | enemy, epiphany, hate, love, understanding
why be alone when we can be together babyyou can make my life worthwhileand i can make you start to smile | couples, love, relationships, romance, smile, song, together
what made me run away was doubtless not so much the fear of settling down, but of settling down permanently in something ugly. | life, love, romance
don't go looking for boys in the darkthey will say pretty things thenleave you with scars.do go looking for boys in the parkfor that is where the true gentlemen are. | advice, gentlemen, humor, love, wisdom
you honestly expect me to breathe in a world without air? | breathe, love
they say a good love is one that sits you down, gives you a drink of water, and pats you on top of the head. but i say a good love is one that casts you into the wind, sets you ablaze, makes you burn through the skies and ignite the night like a phoenix; the kind that cuts you loose like a wildfire and you can't stop running simply because you keep on burning everything that you touch! i say that's a good love; one that burns and flies, and you run with it! | burning, fire, flames, freedom, inspirational-life, inspirational-love, inspirational-love-quotes, inspirational-quotes, inspiring, love, loving-someone, passion, real-love, running, true-love
it scares me how hard it is to remember life before you. i can't even make the comparisons anymore, because my memories of that time have all the depth of a photograph. it seems foolish to play games of better and worse. it's simply a matter of is and is no longer. | life, love, memories
he didn't mind how he looked to other people, because the nursery magic had made him real, and when you are real shabbiness doesn't matter. | humility, love, modesty
you can obsess and obsess over how things ended—what you did wrong or could have done differently—but there's not much of a point. it's not like it'll change anything. so really, why worry? | heartache, heartbreak, love
knowing how to be solitary is central to the art of loving. when we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as a means of escape. | awarness, giving-others-space, love, manners, self-care, self-confidence
one day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence. | kiss, love
what is love? i have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. his hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul | love, soul, stars
i write a lot of songs about love and i think that’s because to me love seems like this huge complicated thing. but it seems like every once in a while, two people get it figured out, two people get it right. and so i think the rest of us, we walk around daydreaming about what that might be like. to find that one great love, where all of a sudden everything that seemed to be so complicated, became simple. and everything that used to seem so wrong all of a sudden seemed right because you were with the person who made you feel fearless. | love, quote, taylor-swift
to whom could i put this question (with any hope of an answer)? does being able to live without someone you loved mean you loved her less than you thought...? | death, loss, love, mourning
i know women are taught by other women that they must never admit the full truth to a man. but the highest form of affection is based on full sincerity on both sides. not being men, these women don't know that in looking back on those he has had tender relations with, a man's heart returns closest to her who was the soul of truth in her conduct. the better class of man, even if caught by airy affectations of dodging and parrying, is not retained by them. a nemesis attends the woman who plays the game of elusiveness too often, in the utter contempt for her that, sooner or later, her old admirers feel; under which they allow her to go unlamented to her grave. | love, trust
if i were a tree, i would have no reason to love a human. | deep-thoughts, humans, love, maggie-stiefvater, nature, the-raven-boys, trees
physical love is unthinkable without violence. | love, relationships, romance, violence
we, unaccustomed to courageexiles from delightlive coiled in shells of lonelinessuntil love leaves its high holy templeand comes into our sightto liberate us into life.love arrivesand in its train come ecstasiesold memories of pleasureancient histories of pain.yet if we are bold,love strikes away the chains of fearfrom our souls.we are weaned from our timidityin the flush of love's lightwe dare be braveand suddenly we seethat love costs all we areand will ever be.yet it is only lovewhich sets us free. | courage, fear, freedom, life, lonliness, love, pain, poetry
you'll probably die if you stay with me,' he told me.'then i'm dead either way, because i won't survive without you. | love, survive
everybody is a main character to someone... | love
tell me then, does love make one a fool or do only fools fall in love? | love
give me the love that leads the waythe faith that nothing can dismaythe hope no disappointments tirethe passion that'll burn like firelet me not sink to be a clodmake me thy fuel, flame of god | god, inspirational, love, prayer
ah me, but where are now the songs i sangwhen life was sweet because you call’d them sweet? | love
"dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to snape, and his eyes were full of tears.""after all this time?""""always,"" said snape. | dumbledore, life, love, snape"
in my rush, i hadn’t tied my shoelaces. noah was now tying them for me. he looked up at me through his dark fringe of lashes and smiled. the expression on his face melted me completely. i knew i had the goofiest grin plastered on my lips, and didn’t care. “there,” he said as he finished tying the laces on my left shoe. “now you won’t fall.”too late. | adorable, couples, love, mara-dyer, noah-shaw, ya
this is what i know. don't settle for 40, 50, or even 80 percent. a relationship-it shouldn't be too small or too tight or even a little scratchy. it shouldn't take up space in your closet out of guilty conscience or convenience or a moment of desire. do you hear me? it shold be perfect for you. it should be lasting. wait. wait for 100 percent. | lasting, love, perfect, relationship, settling, too-small, too-tight, wait
ever since time began, people have recognized their true love by the light in their eyes. | love
i never want to be away from you again, except at work, in the restroom or when one of us is at a movie the other does not want to see. | love
"i can't--i can't think about anything or anyone else,"" he whispered. a hand drifted up, dragging back through his hair. ""i can't think straight when you're around. i can't sleep. it feels like i can't breathe--i just--""""liam, please,"" i begged. ""you're tired. you're barely over being sick. let's just... can we just go back to the others?""""i love you."" he turned toward me, that agonized expression still on his face. ""i love you every second of everyday, and i don't understand why, or how to make it stop--"" he looked wild with pain; it pinned me in place, even before what he had said registered in my mind.""i know it's wrong; i know it down to my damn bones. and i feel like i'm sick. i'm trying to be a good person, but i can't. i can't do this anymore. | liam-stewart, love, never-fade, ruby-daly"
when you know my love, my love will warm you. | amity, love
i warn you, kelsey, that i’m an extremely patient man. i’ve had extensive practice in waiting out the enemy. my life as a tiger has taught me that attentive persistence and focused diligence always pay off. consider yourself forewarned, priyatama. i’m on the hunt. i’ve caught your scent, and i won’t be thwarted in my course. | love, romance
dear kiara, the women in the shop told me that yellow rose represents friendship and red rose shows love. and the rosery is the only thing i own that i care for, its yours i'm yours c | kiara, love
i hadn't been out to the hives before, so to start off she gave me a lesson in what she called 'bee yard etiquette'. she reminded me that the world was really one bee yard, and the same rules work fine in both places. don't be afraid, as no life-loving bee wants to sting you. still, don't be an idiot; wear long sleeves and pants. don't swat. don't even think about swatting. if you feel angry, whistle. anger agitates while whistling melts a bee's temper. act like you know what you're doing, even if you don't. above all, send the bees love. every little thing wants to be loved. | life, love
a purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved. | life, love
"i can't promise you an ordinary experience, kate. i wish i could transform myself into a normal man and be there for you, always, without the trauma that defines my life as ""the walking dead."" since that isn't possible, i can only reassure you that i will do everything in my power to make it up to you. to give you more than a normal boyfriend could. i have no idea what that will mean, exactly, but i'm looking forward to finding out. with you. | love"
your love should never be offered to the mouth of a stranger / only to someone who has the valor and daring to cut pieces of their soul off with a knife / then weave them into a blanket to protect you. | good-lovers, love, love-advice, lovers
her heart was a secret garden and the walls were very high. | buttercup, garden, heart, hidden-treasure, love, secret, the-princess-bride, walls, william-goldman
love should be treated like a business deal, but every business deal has its own terms and its own currency. and in love, the currency is virtue. you love people not for what you do for them or what they do for you. you love them for the values, the virtues, which they have achieved in their own character. | business, character, currency, deal-terms, love, people, virtue
absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it inflames the great. | absence, long-distance-love, longing, love, separation
and he knew that at that moment, they understood each other perfectly, and when he told her what he was going to do now, she would not say ‘be careful’ or ‘don’t do it’, but she would accept his decision because she would not have expected anything less of him. | friendship, ginny-weasley, harry-potter, love, soulmates
images flashed through his mind. he saw nico and his sister on a snowy cliff in maine, percy jackson protecting them from a manticore. percy's sword gleamed in the dark. he'd been the first demigod nico had ever seen in action. he was nico's favorite game, mythomagic, brought to life.jason saw the moment when percy returned and told nico that bianca was dead. nico had screamed and called him a liar. he'd felt betrayed, but still... when the skeleton warriors attacked, he couldn't let them harm percy. nico had called on the earth to swallow them up, and then he'd run away- terrified of his own powers, and his own emotions. | cupid, eros, heroes-of-olympus, house-of-hades, jason-grace, love, nico-di-angelo, percy-jackson, revelation, rick-riordan
we all have an old knot in the heart we wish to untie. | longing, loss, love, memory
after all these years, i see that i was mistaken about eve in the beginning; it is better to live outside the garden with her than inside it without her. | love, marriage, women
brigan was saying her name, and he was sending her a feeling. it was courage and strength, and something else too, as if he were standing with her, as if he'd taken her within himself, letting her rest her entire body for a moment on his backbone, her mind in his mind, her heart in the fire of his.the fire of brigan's heart was astounding. fire understood, and almost could not believe, that the feeling he was sending her was love. | brigan, courage, feeling, fire, love, strength
we do not need to go out and find love; rather, we need to be still and let love discover us. | love
people wait around too long for love. i'm happy with all of my lusts! | happiness, inspirational-attitude, inspirational-life, inspirational-quotes, inspiring, life, life-and-living, living, love, lust, lust-for-everything, lust-for-life, lustful, lusting, lusts, lusty, passion, passionate-life, passionate-living, passions
love is a combination of care, commitment, knowledge, responsibility, respect and trust. | humanism, love, self-knowledge
"never love a wild thing, mr. bell,' holly advised him. 'that was doc's mistake. he was always lugging home wild things. a hawk with a hurt wing. one time it was a full-grown bobcat with a broken leg. but you can't give your heart to a wild thing: the more you do, the stronger they get. until they're strong enough to run into the woods. or fly into a tree. then a taller tree. then the sky. that's how you'll end up, mr. bell. if you let yourself love a wild thing. you'll end up looking at the sky.""""she's drunk,"" joe bell informed me. ""moderately,"" holly confessed....holly lifted her martini. ""let's wish the doc luck, too,"" she said, touching her glass against mine. ""good luck: and believe me, dearest doc -- it's better to look at the sky than live there. such an empty place; so vague. just a country where the thunder goes and things disappear. | love, wildness"
human beings are funny. they long to be with the person they love but refuse to admit openly. some are afraid to show even the slightest sign of affection because of fear. fear that their feelings may not be recognized, or even worst, returned. but one thing about human beings puzzles me the most is their conscious effort to be connected with the object of their affection even if it kills them slowly within. | love
and then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me. | hunger-games, katniss-everdeen, love, peeta-mellark, smile, suzanne-collins
it's so much easier to convince yourself you're madly in love with someone when you know nothing about him. | love, romance
through my love for you, i want to express my love for the whole cosmos, the whole of humanity, and all beings. by living with you, i want to learn to love everyone and all species. if i succeed in loving you, i will be able to love everyone and all species on earth... this is the real message of love. | love, meditation, relationships
"please, noah, i don't want to do this wrong. tell me how to make you feel good.""he shifted so that his body rested beside mine, his leg and arm still draped over me. i felt small under his warmth and strength. his chocolate-brown eyes softened. ""being with you feels good. touching you-"" he tucked a curl behind my ear. ""-feels good. i have never wanted anyone like i want you. there's nothing you can do wrong when just breathing makes everything right. | echo-and-noah, echo-emerson, feels-good, katie-mcgarry, love, noah-hutchins, pushing-the-limits, sweet"
how would your life be different if…you approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? let today be the day…you dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity. | authenticity, honestly, inspirational, life, love, relationships, respect, truth
if people did not love one another, i really don't see what use there would be in having any spring. | love, people, spring
would you mind repeating that? i'm afraid i might have lost my wits altogether and just hallucinated what i've longed to hear. | humor, love
oh no. don't smile. you'll kill me. i stop breathing when you smile. | breathing, desire, humor, love, romance, smile, tease
i think i want to be in love with you but i don't know how. | love
a fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement | beauty, body, body-image, culture, dance, dancer, desire, fashion, fitness, food, food-for-thought, friendship, funny, girl, health, healthy, hip-hop, honesty, humor, humour, imagination, individuality, life, love, lust-for-life, music, novel, passion, reality, relationships, self, sex, truth, wisdom, young, young-adult, young-adult-fiction, young-adult-literature, young-adult-novels, young-adults, youth
and i got out of there without punching anyone, kicking anyone, or breaking down in tears. some days the small victories are all you achieve. | frustration, jealousy, love
"i'm in love with you,"" he said quietly.""augustus,"" i said.""i am,"" he said. he was staring at me, and i could see the corners of his eyes crinkling. ""i'm in love with you, and i'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. i'm in love with you, and i know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and i know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and i am in love with you. | doomed, inevitable, love, oblivion, pleasure, simple"
"no,"" dimitri interrupted gently. he moved his face toward mine, our foreheads nearly touching. ""it won't happen to you. you're too strong. you'll fight it, just like you did thistime.""""i only did because you were here."" he wrapped his arms around me, and i buried my face in his chest. ""i can't do it by myself,"" i whispered.""you can,"" he said. there was a tremulous note in his voice. ""you're strong—you're so, so strong. it's why i love you. | love, vampire-academy"
i was dead, then alive.weeping, then laughing.the power of love came into me,and i became fierce like a lion,then tender like the evening star. | love, rumi
life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. if we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if i could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. one could plod through the siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. unfortunately the happiness is there. there is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. i can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. quite frequently i am not so miserable as it would be wise to be. | beauty, faith, happiness, hope, life, living, love, misery, pain, positivity, stoicism
she's my kitten, and no one else's. | love, vampire
"it's not reasonable to love people who are only going to die,"" she said.nash thought about that for a moment, stroking small's neck with great deliberation, as if the fate of the dells depended on that smooth, careful movement.""i have two responses to that,"" he said at last. ""first, everyone is going to die. second, love is stupid. it has nothing to do with reason. you love whomever you love. against all reason i loved my father."" he looked at her keenly. ""did you love yours?""""yes,"" she whispered.he stroked small's nose. ""i love you,"" he said, ""even knowing you'll never have me. and i love my brother, more than i ever realized before you came along. you can't help whom you love, lady. nor can you know what it's liable to cause you to do. | bad-fathers, death, logic, love"
love is on every side, and no one's side. don't ask what love can do for you. | love
they finished laughing and caught their breaths, and looked at each other, and ani thought geric looked at her too long, as though he forgot he was looking, as though he did not wish to do anything else. she looked back. her took heart took its time quieting down. | love, true
frustration and love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. love your life. all of it. even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. all of it was and is perfect. | healing, inspirational, life, love, past, spiritual, truth
for some people, “the point of no return” begins at the very moment their souls become aware of each others’ existence. | inspirational-love, inspirational-quotes, love, love-quotes, other-half-of-your-soul, soul-mates, true-love, twin-flames, your-other-half
you're gorgeous, you old hag, and if i could give you just one gift ever for the rest of your life it would be this. confidence. it would be the gift of confidence. either that or a scented candle | gifts, love, self-confidence
she’s kept her love for him as alive as the summer they first met. in order to do this, she’s turned life away. sometimes she subsists for days on water and air. being the only known complex life-form to do this, she should have a species named after her. once uncle julian told me how the sculptor and painter alberto giacometti said that sometimes just to paint a head you have to give up the whole figure. to paint a leaf, you have to sacrifice the whole landscape. it might seem like you’re limiting yourself at first, but after a while you realize that having a quarter-of-an-inch of something you have a better chance of holding on to a certain feeling of the universe than if you pretended to be doing the whole sky.my mother did not choose a leaf or a head. she chose my father. and to hold on to a certain feeling, she sacrificed the world. | feeling, loss, love, sadness
i love you. remember. they cannot take it | amor-deliria-nervosa, love
sometimes people are beautiful.not in looks.not in what they say.just in what they are. | beauty, life
"you want to take me to a movie?"" i asked. ""well, not really,"" he said. ""what i really want is for you to be my girlfriend. but i thought saying that might scare you off. | couples, honesty, love, relationships"
"you're a hopeless romantic,"" said faber. ""it would be funny if it were not serious. it's not books you need, it's some of the things that once were in books. the same things could be in the 'parlor families' today. the same infinite detail and awareness could be projected through the radios, and televisors, but are not. no,no it's not books at all you're looking for! take it where you can find it, in old phonograph records, old motion pictures, and in old friends; look for it in nature and look for it in yourself. books were only one type or receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. there is nothing magical in them at all. the magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us. of course you couldn't know this, of course you still can't understand what i mean when i say all this. you are intuitively right, that's what counts. | books, fahrenheit-451, knowledge, love, magic"
if there is no love in the world, we will make a new world, and we will give it walls, and we will furnish it with soft, red interiors, from the inside out, and give it a knocker that resonates like a diamond falling to a jeweller's felt so that we should never hear it. love me, because love doesn't exist, and i have tried everything that does. | life, love
most men claim to desire driven, independent and confident women. yet when confronted with such a creature reverence often evolves into resent. for just like women, men need to be needed. | confidence, independence, love, man, modern-society, relationships, women
the damage was permanent; there would always be scars. but even the angriest scars faded over time until it was difficult to see them written on the skin at all, and the only thing that remained was the memory of how painful it had been. | inspirational, love, pain
love was the most savage monster of all. | cupid, love
"i never lie,"" i said offhand. ""at least not to those i don't love. | compassion, deciet, hate, interview-with-the-vampire, lestat, lie, lies, love, lovers, lying, secret, secrets, truth, vampire, vampires"
when god knows you're ready for the responsibility of commitment, he'll reveal the right person under the right circumstances. | love, relationships
absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely. | lonely, love
but beauty is about finding the right fit, the most natural fit, to be perfect, you have to feel perfect about yourself --- avoid trying to be something you're not. for a goddess, that's especially hard. we can change so easily.-aphrodite | beauty, inspirational, love
don't ever think i fell for you, or fell over you. i didn't fall in love, i rose in it. | love
